At Fuqua, my business school experience has been transformational rather than transactional. This is due in large part to the work of second-year MBA students throughout the community.Second-year students pass on their wisdom, experience, and advice to first-year students in a number of formal ways: Coach K Center on Leadership & Ethics (COLE) fellows help their first-year classmates with personal development, while career fellows and academic fellows focus on recruiting and classes. The generous contributions of second-years not only build strong relationships, but they move the entire MBA community in a forward trajectory.Here is a list of the top things first-years learn from second-years:COLE fellows help first-years be thoughtful about their leadership journey at Fuqua through the lens of the paired principles, with the goal being to become stronger and more impactful leaders. COLE fellows lead six sessions with their consequential leadership (C-LEAD) team to discuss how each principle can be applied to the team, Fuqua, and beyond. Career fellows mentor three to four first-years through the recruiting process. Career fellows conduct rigorous resume and cover letter reviews in which first-years are provided honest and constructive feedback to ensure resumes are ready for the recruiting process.COLE fellows help teams optimize their cohesion and productivity by conditioning them to share feedback with one another. At Fuqua, first-year teams take core classes with their section (approximately 70 students) and work on assignments with their C-LEAD teams. Fuqua has institutionalized mechanisms to share feedback within teams while COLE fellows facilitate the discussion and help teams with difficult conversations.Career fellows help first-years crush interviews through one-on-one coaching and feedback about how best to tell their story. When I was a first-year, my career fellow was always there to help and even though he’s graduated is still just a text away!Seriously! I would not have made it through the core classes without review sessions and tutoring offered by academic fellows.Career fellows coach first-year students on identifying and prioritizing target employers.COLE fellows meet twice with first-years to identify leadership gaps in order to create a personal development plan for their time at Fuqua.
		, Class of 2017	
		“Where are you from?” has become a very difficult question for me to answer. I...
Natalia |
 Natalia's 


My experience visiting Fuqua for its LGBTQ Weekend was the deciding factor for me to apply here. Among other key criteria (class size, alumni network, location), one of my “must-haves” was a school with a strong LGBTQ community whose school and students fostered a supportive environment both professionally and socially.Even though I am from Arkansas (a state not exactly a friend to gay rights), I was still worried about what it would be like to be gay in North Carolina. I am happy to report that after attending Fuqua’s LGBTQ Weekend last year, I was sold. Not only did it quell my doubts about being gay in Durham, but it connected me with current students, Fuqua staff and admissions, and—most importantly—confirmed that Fuqua was the right fit for me.LGBTQ Weekend is a partnership with the Office of Admissions and FuquaPride, Fuqua’s student-led LGBTQ network. As an attendee last year, I can tell you firsthand how amazing this experience is. You, of course, get the expected benefits of a school visit (campus tour, class visit, curriculum & careers sessions, etc.), but the LGBTQ Weekend boasts some other great “value-adds”:As long as you can get to and from Durham, Fuqua takes care of the rest. This includes accommodations and meals throughout.Have a burning question for your application? Want firsthand advice on approaching your 25 Random Facts? Our amazing admissions officers are on-hand during the weekend and are more than happy to help you out!This is an unsung benefit of the weekend. I applied Round 2 and was so happy come February to have my interview already behind me. I highly recommend interviewing early.One not-so-obvious benefit of attending is that you get to meet the other awesome candidates joining you for the weekend. It’s very cool to have friends I wouldn’t have met otherwise in MBA programs across the country (and some of whom I saw again on ROMBA treks I did during the summer)! Also, seeing who else is interested in MBA programs is a consideration for the programs you are looking at — these may be your classmates!Okay, this isn’t unique to LGBTQ weekend, but it’s worth emphasizing. Fit is one of the most important criteria for selecting your program. Visiting for the weekend allows you determine whether Fuqua is the right place for you.This is most important! Similar to fit, you want to know that the LGBTQ community here is right for you. I was blown away by the students I met and how welcome everyone made me feel. Beyond that, I was able to make connections with people in the program who I could call on throughout my application process and people who are now some of my closest friends at Fuqua.Glad you asked! Last year, I was fortunate that the LGBTQ Weekend aligned with Fuqua’s Distinguished Speaker Series. Duke alum Adam Silver, Commissioner of the NBA, spoke in conversation with Dean Bill Bolding, and while I am not a big basketball fan, it was incredible to get to hear the humble Mr. Silver talk about hard decisions he’s had to make and how he made them (being a leader who listens is a big part of it).This year, you’ll have an even bigger treat: Fuqua’s Got Talent! A variety showcase of student talent beyond what’s on our resumé, this is a great opportunity to witness the amazing performance skills—and to see just how much fun—Fuquans have!The dates for the LGBTQ Weekend are Thursday, November 30 to Saturday, December 2.To apply, all you have to do is submit a brief questionnaire by Oct. 23, 2017. You’ll need to provide a list of extracurricular activities, your resumé, and your response to the following prompt: Describe your career aspirations and why you are considering an MBA at this point in your career (400 word limit). Please be aware that applying for the LGBTQ Weekend is completely separate from the admissions process and is not a pre-screening.I hope you are as excited about LGBTQ Weekend as I am, and I can’t wait to see everyone in a couple months! If you have any questions about the weekend or about FuquaPride, please feel free to reach out to me at chaz.allen@duke.edu.
		, Class of 2019	
		Before starting my MBA I lived in Arkansas, where I worked in social media advertising...
Chaz |
 Chaz's 


If you walk the halls of Fuqua, you may occasionally overhear students grumble about the so-called ‘Fuqua Fifteen’—a phenomenon where MBA students gain a few, err, extra pounds at business school.This isn’t entirely unexpected. The change in routine, greater number of social events to attend, and the delicious Southern food you’re surrounded with are all culprits for weight gain faced by students. However, in my experience Fuquans do a great job of staying fit and active throughout their first and second year.The gym and running facilities on campus are second to none. The Wilson Recreation Center, which is located on West Campus and just a few minutes’ walk from Fuqua, offers almost every cardio and weight machine you can dream of, an indoor running track, an Olympic-sized pool, group fitness classes, and squash and racket ball courts. The Brodie Recreation Center on East Campus is a little closer to where many students choose to live and offers a lot of the same features as the main gym. It would be remiss of me not to mention that it has more than a dozen state-of-the-art tennis courts, all of which are surrounded by a beautiful two-mile running path.Professor John Graham with some of the MBA students he’s dubbed the “Wilson Gym Rats” #FinanceCanBeFun #TakeCorporateFinanceA post shared by Duke Fuqua (@dukefuqua) on Apr 17, 2017 at 5:30pm PDTSeveral sports clubs are active on campus and provide more options for staying fit. To name just a few: the Running & Triathlon Club organizes group runs and events in which many Fuquans choose to participate. A highlight of my first year was running the Tar Heel Ten Miler in Chapel Hill with approximately 60 classmates and our Daytime Dean, Russ Morgan, who generously hosted all of us at his house for breakfast afterwards (in spite of the sweat).If running is not your thing and you prefer organized team sports, you won’t be short of opportunities. The Tennis Club organizes an annual tournament where the six different student sections compete across both the first-year and second-year classes to determine the winning team. The Rugby Club hosts a large tournament once a year in Durham where rugby teams from other schools —even as far away as London Business School—travel to our neck of the woods to participate. Fuqua Hoops plays basketball games against other schools and recently traveled up to Washington, D.C., for a tournament.A highlight of the spring calendar is Blue Cup—a friendly tournament between Fuqua and UNC’s Kenan-Flagler Business School just down the road. The two business schools compete across almost every category of sport, including soccer, golf, tennis, running, and cornhole (yes really!). The tournament represents a great opportunity to expand your network beyond Fuqua.The ‘Fuqua Fifteen’ may be real but there are countless opportunities on campus to break a sweat, stay fit, and make some new friends while you’re at it.#Repost @dukeawib ・・・ Blue Cup ends (today)! There’s one more chance to cheer on Fuqua athletes – women play (today) at 7:15 at Fetzer Hall at UNC. See you there! ⛹️‍♀️A post shared by Duke Fuqua (@dukefuqua) on Apr 13, 2017 at 5:28am PDT
		, Class of 2017	
		I’m a born and raised Londoner (fun fact: I was born in the same hospital...
Shakira |
 Shakira's 


I had no idea where I’d land after my first year at business school. Coming from the energy sector, I was optimistic about what seemed like the endless internship possibilities Fuqua could give me. But if you told me that by summer I’d be doing in-depth market research on how moms and dads choose strollers and cribs, I’d probably ask if you had the wrong person. Needless to say, that’s exactly what happened, and I couldn’t be more thankful for my summer experience at Amazon.While Amazon offers a wide assortment of MBA programs (after all, it’s Fuqua’s top non-consulting employer), Amazon’s Retail Leadership Development Program interested me the most.  Housed within Amazon’s retail business, the full-time, three-year programs allows you to explore and rotate through two different job functions in two different retail business units. At the same time, the program comes with more formalized training, career development, and exposure to senior leadership. Ultimately, the program builds general managers that are comfortable with ambiguity and excited to solve new problems in a wildly changing industry.  Given the size of Amazon’s presence and the level of innovation it already brought to the retail space, I knew the scope and breadth of learning opportunities would likely be staggering, so it was a no-brainer to apply to the internship as a trial-run.One application and four interviews later, I saw the word every MBA loves to see starting an email—“Congratulations!”—and by mid-May, I found myself touching down in Seattle for a 12-week internship. While you don’t rotate during the summer, you are promised real work, solving real business problems, at the level of a full-time participant. In my case, I was put on Amazon’s Baby Registry team and given a broad work prompt: figure out how we can evolve the Baby Registry customer experience through product curation and personalization.I had no experience with baby products, professionally or otherwise, and I didn’t quite know what the words “curation” and “personalization” actually meant. But that’s what makes Amazon a potentially exciting employer; the company trusts you to make real business decisions, but how you make those decisions is largely up to you.Despite the ambiguity of my work and the pressure to deliver something tangible by the end of 12 weeks, I was amazed at how much formal and informal support I was given. My manager, an MBA grad and a former intern himself, knew what my experience entailed and was always willing to answer my dumbest questions and gave me constant feedback on my progress. At the same time, I was given a senior manager as a formal mentor to help me better understand my progress, as well as a recent Fuqua alumna as a ‘buddy’ to provide support on a more informal level. I was also impressed by how easy it was to receive help from others; whether it was the coworker sitting next to me or a stranger in a separate building that was working on something I deemed relevant, I found that most people in the company were willing to give me at least 30 minutes of their time because they likely needed the same from someone else given the speed Amazon grows.From a work standpoint, every day was largely driven by my own decisions on what tasks to prioritize. While the first half of my project focused more on combing through customer data and market research and scoping out my project’s vision, the second half of my internship was tailored to execution—what can Amazon do immediately to test and implement my final recommendations (even before I leave), and what are the requirements and next steps to see my vision get implemented long-term? At the end of my internship, I had to present to key stakeholders a six-page white paper that outlined everything I had studied over the summer, as well as detailed next steps to ensure my work kept momentum when I left.Did I work a lot? Yes. But was I also in a super cosmopolitan city with a stunning mountain backdrop and a surprising amount of sun and bars and restaurants? YES. Seattle made the summer that much more enjoyable, and it also made it easy to later accept a full-time offer from Amazon.Amazon’s headquarters are in central South Lake Union, with most of the city’s most desirable destinations like Capitol Hill, Pike’s Place, and Fremont only 10 to 15 minutes away by walking or car (or even public transit) and the Pacific Northwest’s lush playground for all things outdoors less than an hour away. With planned Amazon intern events and plenty of current Fuquans and alumni in the city, I had no problem finding opportunities to step away from work and recharge.To my recruitment journey, and why I ultimately made the career decisions I made, read my other blog post. Amazon is not for everyone, and it’s important to keep an open mind when you start your MBA. Despite the cliché, it really is about the journey and not the destination. But if you find yourself up for a challenge and fascinated by the act of shopping (not just by what you’re buying), Amazon may be for you!
		, Class of 2017	
		I was living in L.A. working in energy before coming to Durham for my MBA. Fuqua Admissions' LGBT weekend showed me how this school was the place where I could have a transformative MBA experience.	
Ross |
 Ross's 


Professor Doug Breeden is a highly respected name in the banking industry and a leading financial mind in the academic space. If you join Fuqua, I highly recommend enrolling in one of his classes. Here are a few of the reasons why.His background includes teaching at Fuqua since 2001 and serving as dean from 2001 until 2007. He’s an MIT and Stanford alumnus with a long and distinguished teaching career at those schools as well as the University of Chicago, Yale, and others. He’s co-founder and former chairman of Smith Breeden Associates, a money management firm with over $20 billion of assets under management, and his financial theorem, Breeden-Litzenberger is used by major firms on Wall Street. You can read his full bio here. He offers limited classes, and I was one of the fortunate few to enroll in his derivatives course. As is the Fuqua culture, he’s a hands-on guide. The class day would start with him going over the current market trends. Then he’d discuss how to interpret the latest news and its effect on the market. It went beyond the requirement of the curriculum, but Prof. Breeden’s emphasis is on inculcating a sense of financial awareness in the students. Since completing the course, I have continued that habit—the first thing I open in the morning is the market figures across the globe.Most of the lectures related to his own practical experiences in the derivatives market—in which he made Smith Breeden Associates a big player on Wall Street—and how he weathered the 2008 storm. Listening to his methodology and decision-making in urgent circumstances where millions were at stake not only gave me goosebumps but also helped me develop a sound financial mind.We went over the Black Scholes Merton model in detail. Although I have read this model in the past, I understood the intricacies of it for the first time. We went over call-put, caps-floors, and swaps among others.Beyond the curriculum, I felt enriched from the decades of experience that Prof. Breeden brings. Fuqua is home of many such pioneers, and I’m reminded every day how fortunate I am to be able to glean some of their knowledge.Fun fact: Prof. Breeden has part of the Fuqua building named after him. You’ll probably visit Breeden Hall while you are here—it’s the home to our admissions office.
		, Class of 2019	
		I was born and brought up in Agra, India, the city that houses the Taj...
Arpit |
 Arpit's 


It wasn’t long after that first email from the Career Management Center in August that I started noticing recruiters on campus for company presentations and networking nights. I remember being surprised that campus recruiting began so early. After all, I was just getting warmed up to being a student all over again!Internship recruiting comes fast and furious, so realizing in advance that you will have to balance recruiting and classwork (not to mention your social life) can certainly help you avoid disappointments. Even though most of us come to business school with an open mind relative to our next career step, shortlisting a few industries or functions early in the process can prevent wasted time at recruiting events.Tagging on to the above point, don’t forget your professional network from before business school. They can open many additional doors in terms of recruiting off-campus, so maintain those ties even after you leave your job! I wrote thank you emails to my recommenders once I got admitted and sent them frequent updates on the exciting classes I am taking and my internship recruiting process. One of those mentors also helped me land an interview with my dream company, so you just never know.In my transition from a working professional to a business school student, the best advice I got was from those who walked in those same shoes less than a year ago. From advice on electives to clubs to companies, I always leaned on the shoulder of a handful of second-years who also became my close friends during that time. The Team Fuqua spirit truly comes out when second-years go above and beyond to help the first-years.Once I got caught up in the daily grind of school, recruiting, and happy hours, the first thing to get cut was something I loved and had practiced almost daily for 10-plus years: yoga. Sometime in Spring Term 2 I realized how much I really needed that ‘me time’ during those stressful days. My number one advice to incoming students would be to try to maintain at least one hobby or passion you entered school with.There are a number of great options at Fuqua, particularly the ones that involve global travel. Experiencing new countries and cultures with your classmates creates a level of bonding that’s so much deeper than what you get from regular interactions. I am so glad that I travelled all over China for a Global Academic Travel Experience with 25 other Fuquans at the end of my first year. I got the opportunity to my classmates while eating authentic, delicious Chinese food and exploring the region. Can it get any better?As an engineer by education, I naturally lean towards, and perform better in quantitative classes. But the whole point of coming to business school is to become a well-rounded leader, no? I didn’t do a great job of taking many qualitative classes in my first year but this is something I’ve promised myself to be more cognizant of in my second year. The one class which is most outside my comfort zone and which I am most excited to take is Negotiations. It’s a super important skill to learn both in your personal and professional life! And from the reviews and waitlist queues, a super fun class to take!
		, Class of 2019	
		Originally from New Delhi, I have lived in 12 cities across three continents so far....
Swati |
 Swati's 


For international students new to the country, MBA recruiting in the U.S. can be a daunting task. Now, as a second-year who has gone through the summer internship recruiting in full circle, I’ve taken a reflective look on my first-year recruiting experience to share my learnings:  Saying attending business school is like drinking from a fire hose is an understatement. Indeed, it can feel like drinking from 1o fire hoses if you make additional extracurricular commitments outside of the normal schedule of academics and recruiting. When fall comes in full swing, the hectic schedule can even put a time management guru’s multi-tasking skills to the test. When it comes to the ‘iron triangle’ of social, academics, and recruiting, it is difficult to engage them fully all at once. Know your limit, prioritize, and don’t spread yourself too thin.Take a deep breath and reflect on what really matters to you. While it is easy to get carried away by the sheer volume of jobs available through campus recruiting, I recommend always being intentional and setting your priorities to align with your long-term goals and purpose. Recruiting decisions are your own conscious choices—don’t just follow the herd. Staying true to yourself will not only help you stay grounded but also set you up for success.Coming from a non-linear career path, one of my biggest challenges was to stitch my story together in a cohesive, yet easily digestible and memorable manner. In that sense, I have found both formal resources such as Fuqua’s Career Management Center mock interview workshops and informal resources such as peer feedback enormously helpful. When it comes to interviews, practice makes perfect. Practice with a wide range of peers to get diverse feedback—we grow the most from stepping out of our comfort zone, not from resting on our laurels.  Networking and sip circles can be intimidating for internationals who are new to the U.S. culture. However, do not let fear get the better of you. Be yourself and let your personality shine through. For starters, try latching onto topics you feel comfortable (food, travels, and sports can all be easy icebreakers) and celebrate small wins to build confidence gradually. It is okay to take calculated risks and be humorous. Make a good effort and you’ll be remembered for a fun conversation and good laugh you added to a recruiter’s long day.As counterintuitive as it sounds, you may think, “I came to business school to succeed, not fail.” However, the paradox is that failure is almost inevitable. It is hard, or even painful. Yet, learning to fail, and fail fast, but still being able to bounce back was the biggest lesson in my first year at Fuqua. Take my dream company as an example. Despite hours of hard work poured into the recruiting process, I wasn’t at my best on interview day and my performance didn’t allow me to make the cut. What I learned that really matters is to stay positive and take the failure as a good learning experience.  No self-denials please—sometimes we learn by celebrating our most painful failures. Give yourself a day to decompress and hit refresh.  Even if the right opportunities don’t come along during campus recruiting, do not give up hope. It is never over until it’s officially over. Fuqua has your back! Step up your game to tap the Fuqua or greater Duke community and connect with alumni to seek out additional opportunities. Custom recruiting off campus is usually less structured and more fluid than the campus process and building a human connection is key. Know your worth, self-promote in the right way, and stay engaged with all your touchpoints in the firm—patience and perseverance will find a way!
		, Class of 2019	
		I’m from China and have spent eight years living in the U.S. before coming to...
Grace |
 Grace's 


I knew I wanted to come to the U.S. for business school, but I also knew that I wanted to return to my home country, Indonesia, in the long run. About five years ago, I started a social enterprise there called Tatoen, and I knew I wanted to return and continue scaling it.Fuqua was my choice for business school because of its commitment to social enterprise and its Center for the Advancement of Social Entrepreneurship (CASE). I felt confident Fuqua could help me reach my goals, and my expectations have been surpassed. I have developed an even more global perspective, strengthened my understanding of Tatoen’s mission, and gained a support network I never could have imagined.That said, being an international student can be tough sometimes. Everyone here is amazingly talented, and it can feel like it is hard to keep up while adapting to a new culture and adjusting to speaking English as the primary language. But because the culture is supportive rather than competitive, I have flourished here and come even closer to my goal of returning to Indonesia to continue my career.I started Tatoen, a company that creates ceremonial Muslim garments, with my mother who is a fashion designer. It is a relief to know she can help run day-to-day operations while I am earning my MBA—although there are plenty of middle-of-the-night Skype calls to deal with the time difference!We originally started Tatoen to create jobs for women in the rural village of Java, Indonesia. These women are often the wives of farmers or truck drivers, and they have the time and the desire to work but little opportunity to do so. At Tatoen, the women do embroidery and beadwork on the garments.I have devoted my time at Fuqua to exploring every social entrepreneurship offering available—from the CASE Initiative on Impact Investing (CASEi3) during my first year to becoming a CASE fellow my second year. I am also the co-president of the Net Impact Club. These experiences have taught me a lot and have afforded me the opportunity to share my company’s story with my classmates and with Fuqua faculty and staff. Thanks to these conversations, I will be leaving Fuqua with a much more defined sense of our mission. We will be expanding to not only focus on employment for women, but also on education for their children. We are installing a library at Tatoen so the children can practice their reading while their mothers work, and we’re paying women so that they can pay for their children’s education.Most professors do a great job of incorporating a global worldview into class lectures and activities. For example, when we work on cases, not all of them are U.S.-centric. Cases that involve other nations help to level the playing field and allow international students to share their expertise and perspectives.We also work on our classwork in diverse teams, which helps everyone expand their worldview and learn new things from one another.While going through recruiting, I prepared for case interviews with U.S. and international students alike. Everyone was really supportive and encouraging, and the U.S. students had great feedback about how to communicate more concisely and be more direct.I was fortunate to secure an internship with McKinsey that allowed me to return to Indonesia for the summer between the two years of my program. I was happy to be in close proximity to Tatoen and was able to visit our workshop to hear from our employees and see how things were going. I will be returning to McKinsey full-time after graduation. I am excited to gain even more consulting experience so that I can pair a structured approach to solving problems with my previous financial background I gained from investment banking. Both of these skills will serve me well as I work to grow Tatoen.While leaving home and coming to the U.S. to study was nerve-wracking at times, I have dealt well with the stress by finding people who I share common passions with. The Net Impact Club allows me to do more activities surrounding sustainability and social impact-related causes, and I am also co-president of the Arts@Fuqua Club. I even joined a student band called Supply & DaBand (a pun on supply and demand—get it?) where I sing and have met some wonderful friends and fellow musicians.
		, Class of 2019	
		I’m a second-year MBA student in the Class of 2019, and the co-president of the...
Winny |
 Winny's 


Business and politics have merged in a way that many of us have not seen before. Companies are expected to speak up and engage on political and social issues, even if these issues have nothing to do with their businesses. In one prominent example, a video went viral of two black men being arrested at a Starbucks while waiting for an acquaintance after an employee called the police. Starbucks quickly responded with an announcement that they would be closing down their stores for several hours in order to provide employees with racial bias training. As consumers become more selective about the types of companies where they spend their dollars, the ‘safe’ option of staying silent is no longer acceptable.In my Advanced Corporate Strategy class last spring, Professor Aaron “Ronnie” Chatterji and my classmates challenged me to reflect on my current beliefs and how this would affect my decision making as a leader after leaving Fuqua. One of my favorite things about the class was that cases were on current events. We discussed different types of organizations such as the NFL, Airbnb, and Facebook. After each case, we reflected on previous decisions we made. At times, the choices we made contradicted stances we had taken previously. Ronnie also pulled two of us aside after each class to record a video in which we revisit some of the points made during the class discussion. You can watch the one I participated in below and the rest of the series here, concluding with a wrapup summarizing some takeaways from the course. In my professional experience, there haven’t been many opportunities to comfortably talk about topics involving race, politics, gender, etc. However, Advanced Corporate Strategy created a safe, professional space to exchange opinions and ideas with my peers. Ronnie did an excellent job of facilitating the discussion and getting us to question the beliefs we walked in with. We learned from one another and although there were times where we agreed to disagree, I felt I was able to get a clear understanding of another leader’s perspective, a skill necessary for every well-rounded leader of consequence.
		, Class of 2019	
		Prior to coming to Fuqua, I did internal consulting and pricing analytics for an office...
Beth |
 Beth's 


I was seven months pregnant when I attended Weekend for Women, and I decided to come to Fuqua when my daughter was two months old.Going into my MBA program as a new mom, I knew I’d have the unwavering support of my partner, but I wasn’t counting on finding so many Fuquan parents eager to help. I was especially blown away by my fellow super-human mamas of Fuqua. I’m in constant awe of their smarts and insights in the classroom, their dedication to leadership in their community, and of course, their incredible love and patience with their families at home. I feel privileged to be their classmate and friend.These moms sat down with me to share their stories, as well as how Fuqua has supported them through motherhood at business school.Xinjue Cao is a second-year MBA and proud mom of a 4-year-old girl and an 8-month-old boy (who was born right after Xinjue’s Fall Term 2 finals!)“Fuqua’s Mentored Study program was an excellent choice for me during the spring term,” Xinjue says. “I worked with Verity Investment Partners and used concepts I learned in my finance courses to analyze potential stocks for the portfolio. Not only was I excited to get this hands-on, real-world experience where I could apply what I’d learned, but I was also able to take advantage of work-from-home arrangements offered by Verity so I could attend to the needs of my baby without sacrificing school time.”“When I’m at Fuqua, the mother’s room offers a comfortable and convenient space—an essential for nursing moms like me!” Xinjue continued. “I’m proud that institutions like Fuqua and Verity create opportunities for Fuquans with diverse family backgrounds to thrive.”Second-year Sarah Arnio is the mother to two boys: a 16-year-old and 2-year-old. She says Fuqua has helped her be more intentional about her interests and splitting her time between her family and her work and school life.“It was important to me to prioritize my activities and pick the things that I most wanted to participate in, like the Tech Trek and being on the Association of Women in Business cabinet,” Sarah says. “Also, I’ve found the Fuqua network—including students, partners, and other moms—to be more supportive than I could have imagined. For example, I reached out to the moms’ group for pediatrician recommendations, and when my husband had to go out of town last minute, my teammate’s partner stepped in to watch my youngest son for the day on less than 12 hours’ notice. Being at Fuqua has led me to genuinely believe the childrearing mantra ‘it takes a village.’”Second-year mom Swati Tiwari kind of knew what she was signing up for when she accepted her admission offer at Fuqua—after all, her husband graduated from the same MBA program a few years ago. This time around, Fuqua was a family affair, as they were returning to Durham with a 2-year-old.“This experience has challenged my husband and me in new ways but has also given me a fresh perspective on time management and prioritization,” Swati says. “During my first year, while I focused on classes and recruiting, my husband took over daycare dropoff and pickup duties. Because we worked together in the Team Fuqua spirit, the first year was a success on all fronts!”“I’m also the chair of parenthood for the Association of Women in Business, meaning that I am responsible for making the lives of Fuqua parents a bit easier,” Swati continued. “I organize meet-ups every term for fellow moms to exchange notes and have playdates with their kids. I also babysit during finals to ensure my fellow moms get some library or ‘me’ time. My focus this year is to bring more prospective moms to Fuqua, and to foster even stronger camaraderie between first-year and second-year Fuqua moms.”Fuqua is a student-led organization that affords students the opportunity to partner with faculty and administration in numerous leadership positions as they work to shape and enhance the student experience. That story is no different for second-year mom, Tuokpe Ajuyah, who has a 2-year-old daughter and whose husband is also a second-year MBA student at Fuqua.“I’ve embraced my goal of developing my inclusive leadership skills while at Fuqua,” Tuokpe says. “This summer, I had the opportunity to lead the Class of 2020 Orientation as I temporarily played single mom while completing my 10-week internship in a different location than my husband’s.”“I couldn’t be successful in any of this without the support of Mofe, my husband, and the resilience of Tsolaye, my daughter, who is the life of every room she enters and remains unfazed by keeping up with our busy MBA schedules. Being at a place like Fuqua has afforded me the opportunity to juggle my academic, leadership, and family obligations in a community that allows me to bring my entire self to the MBA program, and it has been an amazing experience.”First-year Stefanie Bailey is a dual degree student studying environmental management (MEM/MBA) and concentrating in Strategy and Finance at Fuqua. When she decided it was time to go to business school, the community around the school was as important to her as the school itself.“It was while visiting Duke that I realized how valuable Team Fuqua culture would be to me as a mother of five striving to reach my goals,” Stefanie says. “I spent my Weekend for Women visit speaking with Fuqua student parents as well as Fuqua partners to understand more about how they meet their family and school responsibilities. All the feedback I got was positive, and I was also given concrete suggestions to make communication key to group harmony. Once I arrived at Fuqua, I realized that all of what I’d heard was true—this is such a safe place to prepare for leadership in the business world.”The Fuqua moms and dads community is an invaluable resource, one that first-year Anne Song relied on heavily before even setting foot on Fuqua’s campus.“Relocating from the west coast to the east coast with my husband and 2-year-old son was a challenge, but Fuqua moms and dads offered advice on daycares to consider, helped me find family-friendly housing, and provided recommendations on local family-friendly events and activities,” Anne says.“One of the first things I learned as a first-year MBA student and a mom was not to be afraid to ask for help. Balancing school, the career search, extra-curriculars, and being a wife and mother is challenging, but speaking up when you need help and knowing you have a network of family and Fuquans to support you makes all the difference. My son, Noah, already loves all his Fuqua aunties and uncles who spoil him!”Recruiting for a consulting job is notoriously time-consuming, challenging, and stressful. I am often asked how I was able to get through it while juggling Fall Term 1 classes and a baby. Believe it or not, having Maya, my now-2-year-old daughter, made the process more bearable. Maya opened up a world of connection points to recruiters and company representatives. When I found myself swapping pictures of our kids in their Halloween costumes with a Boston Consulting Group (BCG) partner, I realized that Maya is helping me find genuine common ground with the recruiting community. And in instances when things didn’t work out, Maya’s laugh gave me instant and much-needed perspective. Seeing parenthood as an advantage instead of an extra burden made all the difference to me.I couldn’t make this happen without the support of others. My partner took care of all household duties during my summer internship at BCG. My Consequential Leadership team was so good about letting Maya crash our study meetings. Ultimately, my strong network of family, Fuqua, and community support makes the process not only manageable but a fun and rewarding journey.
		, Class of 2019	
		I was born and raised in Oakland, California, and made a cross-country move to Fuqua...
Vicki |
 Vicki's 


I regularly interact with  alumni and their first question is generally, “What’s new at Fuqua?” Of course, I’m quick to tell them about our newly created certificate in Management Science and Technology Management (MSTeM).I’ve had so much interest from alumni and others about MSTeM that it occurred to me, I should write this blog!Here are the four things you should know about MSTeM, based on the questions I’m frequently asked.Our primary reason for creating the MSTeM certificate was to give students in our full-time MBA program a chance to go deep into opportunities and challenges related to big data and managing innovation and technology. We think the combination of focused work in data analytics—plus the leadership skills and business fundamentals that are part of an MBA—are a powerful combination.One of the challenges in innovation, particularly in tech, is not losing the value of human judgment. Therefore, we think it’s an advantage for the people who will lead innovation if they not only have a deep understanding of technology but develop the communication and strategy skills needed to action insights and ideas in a meaningful way that can benefit society at the same time.As we developed the curriculum for MSTeM, we wanted to give students not only depth of data knowledge but also some breadth across disciplines. In other words, rather than a traditional concentration that focuses within one industry or function, we wanted MSTeM to be applicable in all of them.That design resulted in a certificate that requires the completion of eight electives from a menu of classes like Data Analytics for Business, Marketing of Innovation, Supply Chain Management, and Innovation and Cryptoventures. We believe that breadth of exposure gives our students a broader foundation that will ultimately serve as an advantage as they move into various roles in their careers.The interest in the certificate was apparent immediately after we announced it last fall. Around 25 percent of the Class of 2018 completed the field of study in its first academic year.We’ve received positive alumni feedback about how the skills have been immediately applicable in their careers and were thrilled (but not surprised) that students landed the jobs they desired after completing the field of study.An added benefit to students who complete our  with the MSTeM field of study is that it qualifies as a STEM designated field with the U.S. Department of Education. Students who complete it are eligible for the potential visa considerations in the U.S. that come with STEM designation—an additional 24 months of Optional Practical Training (OPT). This is on top of the one-year eligibility of OPT—thus it increases OPT to three years. It’s important to note that a student must not only earn the MBA degree with the certificate but also go into a STEM-related field in order to be eligible.We are a school that highly values diversity and are supportive of ways our international students can fully use their talents and work in the U.S. if that is their goal. We also believe this is important for the U.S. economy in being able to retain top talent and helps us fulfill our mission to the business community of providing the talent needed today. You canabout that philosophy in this piece by Dean Bill Boulding on LinkedIn.
		Senior Associate Dean, Full-Time Programs	
		My role at Fuqua is senior associate dean for our full-time programs (, MMS, and...
Russ |
 Russ's 


Each year during Spring Term 2, after the student organization presidents and cabinets are selected, many of these organizations go on group retreats to discuss goals for the year, share ideas, and bond. The MBA Association (MBAA) is one of these student organizations and the governing body that oversees all matters regarding club affairs, student life, and builds a bridge between the student body and administration.I’m co-president of the MBAA, and for our retreat, we decided to make the trip to Surf City, North Carolina. We thought that leaving the Fuqua bubble would allow us to fully disconnect from our lives in Durham and focus on building relationships that go beyond our academic experience.After Friday classes at Fuqua, a supply run to Costco and Wal-Mart, and a few hours on the road, we arrived at our beach house in Surf City. We checked in at 10:00 p.m., unpacked, played some board games, and headed off to bed.We woke up fresh and excited for the day. Jeanette, my fellow co-president, and a few other cabinet members cooked the gang breakfast and we headed out to the beach to start our bonding and goal-setting exercises.For many, names carry a significant amount of meaning because they represent where we come from. Each member had the opportunity to share the history behind his or her name and why it’s important to them. I found this to be one of the most personally satisfying bonding exercises I’ve encountered because it allowed people to open up and share the most important aspect of one’s life—family. I genuinely appreciated how thoughtful people were during this exercise. We learned how our classmates’ relatives sacrificed for their families, their journeys to the U.S., and the relevance of one’s name in different international cultures. This helped people take down their guard and better prepare for the next exercise—constructivist listening.As an organization that oversees the budget and leadership for 60-plus student clubs, effective communication, both listening and speaking, is absolutely essential in making sure the individual voices of the collective student body are heard. We paired off into groups of two, one listener and one speaker, taking turns discussing various prompts. With each prompt, the speaker would open up for two minutes without pausing and share his or her feelings regarding the prompt while the other listened without gesturing, speaking, or making any emotional response.This presented two challenges. First, most people, without knowing it, change their style and content of speaking based on the listener’s reaction. People were forced to allow themselves to feel awkward and vulnerable to the point of over-sharing. Oftentimes we feel insecure about the way in which we speak, and this was an opportunity to briefly work on and be more cognizant of that weakness. Second, it’s extremely hard, especially as curious students, not to ask questions, nod our heads, or outwardly show our feelings while conversing, so this required one to give their undivided attention and really comprehend what the other is saying.After each person had the opportunity to speak, we swapped teams and paired off with someone we were not yet close with. Each prompt was simple yet different. Two examples include, “tell me what it’s like to be you right now” and “if you could have a conversation with anyone, dead or alive, right now, who would it be?” Seemingly simple and perhaps cliché, the communication aspect of this exercise once again, forced people to feel uncomfortable (on both sides) and open up.When Jeanette and I discussed our vision for the MBAA cabinet retreat, we wanted to focus on three key aspects of Fuqua life during our goal setting discussion—to reduce clutter and confusion in MBA life, build a culture of active engagement and cohesion across the  community, and empower students to be the change they wish to see at Fuqua. With a cabinet that is fully representative of the Fuqua community, we are confident we can make it all happen.We gave each cabinet member a stack of sticky notes to share ideas regarding how they envision improving the three key aspects Fuqua life we previously mentioned. Twenty minutes later, everyone would place their individual ideas, both big-picture and tactical, on a poster board that represented each of the three aspects. All 10 of our cabinet members individually presented their ideas and discussed how they fit into the overall vision and would improve life at Fuqua.Everyone was incredibly thoughtful and shared some great ideas, such as refine communications delivery so information is more easily consumable, collect more student data so we can generate more well-informed decisions regarding events like Fuqua Friday and attendance at events or conferences, and increase frequency of cross-cultural events to support ally education. Four hours of deep discussion later, this became the highlight of our retreat. Witnessing the motivations and passions of each member reassured the entire team that we aren’t just here to have our pictures in Breeden Hall, but to leave a lasting impact on the Fuqua community. We were pumped to make 2018-2019 an amazing year.The MBAA follows a constitution and by-law procedures to make sure we are consistent with our leadership practices and the way in which Fuqua operates. At times, some of these by-laws need to be changed to accommodate the evolving needs of students. For example, Jeanette and I decided to split the role of Vice President, International & Diversity, into two distinct roles. One would solely focus on enhancing the experience for international students and the other would focus on underrepresented student groups. Finalizing this decision required a vote and it was unanimously passed.When the day was over, we threw around the frisbee and football on the beach. Running around like little kids, laughing and smiling as we kept accidentally throwing frisbees into bushes and footballs into the water, I felt a deep sense of happiness and gratitude for the team we built. After dinner, the night ended with even more laughs, card games, a vicious game of Heads Up, and a great sense of optimism about our team and the upcoming year.
		, Class of 2019	
		I’m a second-year MBA student and the co-president of the Duke MBA Association, where I have the honor of serving my fellow Fuquans and being an advocate for all. I spend my free time traveling with friends, playing golf, and hanging out with my wife and two greyhounds.	
Taylor |
 Taylor's 


This summer, seven Fuqua students from our class of 2019 had the opportunity to intern at Nike World Headquarters (WHQ) in Portland, Oregon. The experience was nothing short of amazing and we are all grateful for the opportunity. Our responsibilities spanned different functions, as we had two interns in finance, two in operations, one in brand management, one in sports marketing analytics, and one in sustainability. Although there was no ‘typical’ day and the work varied across corporate functions, I hope to give you an idea of what a day looked like as an MBA intern at Nike WHQ.Four of us lived in downtown Portland, met for coffee every morning, and carpooled to WHQ in Beaverton—about a 15-minute ride. Nike also supplied us with passes for public transit, so sometimes we took an hour-long train ride in to work. No matter our method of commute, the car rides were a good way to hear about what was going on in different areas of the company. From supply chain improvements to Nike’s “triple-double” strategy (2x innovation, 2x speed, and 2x direct), to water conservation efforts in sustainability, we learned so much from each other’s experiences.Each of us had a project that we worked on throughout the summer for our respective teams. As part of our projects, we had to work with stakeholders across the company. Although my project is confidential and so I, unfortunately, can’t write about it, I will say that I really enjoyed my work because of Nike’s amazingly collaborative atmosphere—which made us Fuquans feel right at home.Nike WHQ has at least five campuses within a several mile radius! Luckily, Nike has its own fleet of bikes, shuttles, and taxis to take you around to the different campuses. The Fuqua fan favorite was “Nike BIKETOWN,” a city-wide bike share system sponsored by Nike. During lunch there was a multitude of fun events, especially with the World Cup going on. We had the opportunity to meet professional athletes Deshaun Watson, Chloe Kim, and the FC Barcelona men’s and women’s soccer teams—there was no shortage of reasons to get excited about sports!The rest of the day was spent at our desks working on our projects or in meetings with our teams. We all had peer mentors on our team who were great resources to bounce ideas off of and get feedback as we were working on our projects. All of our bosses were very supportive and helped us prepare for success when presenting to senior leadership in the company.There was also plenty of time to engage in informational coffee chats with various leaders across the organization. One of the coolest parts about the summer was the willingness of people across the organization to take the time to chat about their roles, career paths, and insights on how to land the offer.This summer we had access to Nike’s incredible gyms on campus so we would typically work out on our own after work or do a workout class. On Monday nights we had intern intramural leagues where we competed in volleyball, soccer, track events, basketball, water sports, and more. Our favorite workouts were in the brand new “Coach K” facility, which is named after Duke’s very own Men’s Basketball head coach, Mike Krzyzewski. The entire facility was centered around Coach K’s professional accomplishments and personal life—right down to the café, which is his wife’s namesake. We would spend our evenings in downtown Portland, exploring different restaurants, breweries, ice cream shops, etc. On several occasions, we had Fuqua “family dinners” where we would take turns hosting everyone for a meal. These were great opportunities to unwind and prepare for another busy day ahead!
		, Class of 2019	
		Born and raised in Minnesota, I’ve spent my whole life in the Midwest. I attended...
Stephanie |
 Stephanie's 


Our Admissions team at Fuqua is always looking for ways to improve the application experience and process for our applicants. This year, we are excited to introduce the Common Letter of Recommendation (CLOR) for applicants to all of our programs.So what does this mean for you as an applicant, and how will it affect your application experience? And how can you use the recommendation letter to stand out in the admissions process? Well, I’m glad you asked!Collecting professional recommendations involves getting a commitment from others to create something on your behalf, and writing recommendation letters is not an insignificant time commitment for those you ask. And, if you are applying to more than one school, and most people are, you may be asking your recommenders to write three, four, or even five different letters of recommendation. That’s where the CLOR comes in!The Graduate Management Admissions Council (GMAC) created the CLOR to help applicants and schools streamline the recommendation process. The CLOR consists of a group of questions that are relevant to any graduate business program, so your recommenders can now simply complete one recommendation form that will be shared with each of the schools to which you are applying. There are more than 40 business schools now accepting the CLOR, so chances are most of your top picks will be on that list. You can now ask your recommenders to write one letter and they are done, saving them time and alleviating the burden on you to follow up on the status of three or four different letters.With less to worry about with follow up on multiple letters, you can focus your time on preparing your recommenders for the crafting of their letter—and this is where you can really set yourself apart in the application process.Let’s review a few basic steps for ensuring a positive recommendation:Once you have confirmed who your recommenders will be, you can think about how your recommendations can make you stand out in the application process. You may think that you don’t have control over this aspect of your application, but you do! You can help your recommenders by reminding them of your contributions and achievements. Think about how your recommendations can support the story you are telling through your application, and share that storyline with your recommenders. Below are a few tips to think about as you prepare your application:Treat the recommendations as you do any other part of your application—as something for which you should reflect, plan, and prepare. In doing so, you can help ensure that the recommendations we receive are more than just general letters, but real and insightful takes on your candidacy.It is our hope that the Common Letter of Recommendation will help you more easily manage your graduate school application and give you more time to work on its other areas. And by taking a little time to share your goals and ambitions with your recommenders, you have a great opportunity to allow the Admissions Committee to get to know you even better. 
		Director of Recruitment and Marketing,  and MMS programs	
		As the director of recruitment and marketing for the  and MMS programs, I have...
Allison |
 Allison's 


Fuqua’s Association of Women in Business (AWIB) community is starting the school year on a joyous note with the announcement that the percentage of women in the  Class of 2020 is the highest ever for a class at 42 percent! As AWIB co-president, I’m excited that we’ve recalibrated our priorities to try and serve the women at Fuqua best as possible. Here’s a look at what we have planned.One key goal is greater engagement with all Fuqua women, from prospective to current students to alumni. This summer, we spearheaded AWIB Summer Socials in eight cities across the country to give women an opportunity to get together and socialize even when school’s out. We were heartened by the enthusiasm, with over 250 women attendees across all the cities.As the school year is beginning, our focus is directed towards planning the 14th annual Weekend for Women (W4W), taking place November 1-3. We’re moving our annual Women’s Leadership Conference to take place on November 3, in conjunction with W4W, in order to foster greater engagement between prospective and current students. Additionally, we started the AWIB Speaker Series in partnership with Fuqua’s Alumni Relations department, to bring more awesome alumni back to campus to discuss their career journeys in both large and intimate settings.We’re also very excited to welcome the aforementioned Class of 2020 and are designing programming to best serve its needs as incoming MBAs, in terms of academics, recruiting, and social activities. We’re continuing our AWIB Real Talks series with panels of second-year MBAs breaking down their recruiting experience through a variety of topics and perspectives. And this year, we have an international career lead to better support international students in their recruiting journeys.On the community engagement front, we’ve created two new club cabinet positions to better address specific needs within our community. That includes a health & wellness lead to plan events that maintain the physical and mental well-being of Fuqua women, and an academic experience lead to ensure a positive classroom experience. We’re excited to continue our growing Male Allies program to engage men on campus on how to best be supportive to their female classmates and colleagues.We’re also consciously engaging with other campus diversity and professional groups to promote intersectionality among our members. This is core to our goals and will run throughout our programming, from social to recruiting events.I’m so humbled by the hard work of my classmates and energized to tackle an ambitious agenda in partnership with our incredible AWIB cabinet and the tremendous support from the administration and Admissions department. In light of challenging news and events facing women internationally, it’s gratifying to have the opportunity to support women in our day-to-day lives through AWIB and see the progress every day on campus.To stay on top of AWIB’s activities, follow us on Instagram and LinkedIn. We’re looking forward to this year’s AWIB Kickoff Party for current students. And if you’re a prospective student interested in learning more about AWIB, please fill out this form. We hope to hear from you all soon!
		, Class of 2019	
		A Tampa native, I lived in New York City for eight years prior to Fuqua....
Gabrielle |
 Gabrielle's 


I chose to attend Fuqua because I wanted to join a culture where students are collaborative and selfless when it comes to helping each other. In the Army, we operated under the Warrior Ethos that states “Never leave a fallen comrade.” During my time at Fuqua, this ethos still resonates with me, but in a different context. Rather than being on the battlefield, we’re in the classroom with our fellow students.Through my experiences, I’ve embraced the “Team Fuqua” spirit—which I believe is going above and beyond to help your team and never letting a team member fail. This 22-month journey is a team effort and nobody can get through it alone. Through the unwavering support of your peers, help is always one call away. Additionally, I chose Fuqua because I am a sports fanatic and there is no better business school in the country for that!Continue reaching out to current veterans and other students to what makes Fuqua so unique. Additionally, continue researching different industries and functions to the opportunities that are available to us. Having a good understanding of this will bode well for writing essays and conducting the ensuing interviews during the application process, and first-year MBA recruiting.I would say that one of the biggest takeaways of the Veterans Symposium—hosted by the Admissions department—comes from meeting the first- and second-year veterans. It’s really beneficial to hear about their transition and how they learned about the different industries and functions to better understand what kinds of careers they’re interested in pursuing. The symposium is a great opportunity to get all of your questions answered, especially the ones that you would not typically ask a non-veteran MBA.In the classroom, you can use your leadership skills by spearheading discussions and adding value based on your experiences. People tend to be shy speaking in front of large groups, but as veterans, we are used to addressing and briefing them. Use that confidence to your advantage and don’t be afraid to share anecdotes from your military experience that relate to class material.
		, Class of 2019	
		I graduated from West Point in 2011 where I earned a B.S. in Management and...
Jonathan |
 Jonathan's 


I recall sitting down with Katie Kross, the managing director of Fuqua’s Center for Energy, Development, and the Global Environment (EDGE), while I was visiting campus the winter before starting my MBA career. Katie talked with me about all of the cool EDGE initiatives on campus, and I was blown away. EDGE is involved in everything energy and environment-related at Fuqua!There are too many ways to count how EDGE has enriched my MBA experience. However, I would like to highlight these two:The EDGE student council is comprised of the student leads from Fuqua’s Energy Club, Net Impact Club, Agriculture Club, and MEM/MBA Club (comprised of joint-degree students). As the co-president of the MEM/MBA Club, I had the opportunity to serve on the EDGE Student Council Board. We had bi-annual meetings to discuss ways to collaborate with other clubs represented on the council and how to more effectively lead our respective groups.Through working with the council, I got feedback from other environmental-focused leaders on how to better serve the Fuqua community, and we were able to work with other clubs to co-host events. I went to business school to advance my career and work on issues I care about and develop my leadership skills, which is exactly what I got to do as a member of the EDGE student council.This year, Duke hosted the 2018 ClimateCap summit. EDGE managed the entire event and it was a spectacular success. All of the speakers were engaging and challenged the way I think about climate change. There were interesting questions, like “How do we price climate change into the real-estate market in cities like Miami?”Although ClimateCap was a highlight, it’s not the only time that EDGE brought business and environment thought leaders to campus. The EDGE Seminar, for example, is a class that hosts business executives each week to have candid conversations about the most pressing environmental topics we are currently facing. I feel very fortunate to have the access and opportunity to engage with industry leaders who are at the forefront of asking and answering these complex questions.  
		, Class of 2019	
		I'm a dual degree student, pursuing an MBA and Master of Environmental Management (MEM), with...
Jenna |
 Jenna's 


In my career, I’ve been fortunate to experience business from many vantage points. I’ve led companies as an entrepreneur and know firsthand the struggles and excitement of a startup. I’ve also experienced a large and dynamic corporation by spending 13 years at IBM. The differences in the way those companies worked has given me a great appreciation for what makes an entrepreneur successful—which is why I now spend my days at Duke Fuqua grooming students to lead successful start-ups.I’m taking the time to write because I think there is a lot of untapped potential in people who have great ideas for startups but aren’t connecting how an MBA can turn those ideas into reality.Thus, I’m offering six reasons why if you are an entrepreneur you will not only make a great MBA student, but can also really hit it out of the park when you earn the degree.Entrepreneurs are curious. They are constantly pushing the boundaries and looking for better ways to do things. It’s a mindset. They challenge their professors and their classmates alike. They are constantly pushing in new directions. This makes business school a particularly rich experience of really robust learning in a rigorous academic environment where everyone is smart and brings an interesting perspective.I’ll be honest here: When I enrolled in my own MBA program at Fuqua, I had low expectations but figured it would probably be worthwhile in the long run to earn the degree. I was pleasantly surprised at how much I had to learn—and how much I did learn—from both my instructors and from my peers.My MBA helped me when my career path turned entrepreneurial. What I’d learned about marketing, cost accounting, finance, and even ways of thinking—all mattered a lot when it came time to run a company. Prior to business school, it would have been hard for me to know the gaps I had because I didn’t have experience in those areas.This is a great benefit—you can actually work on your idea for school credit. And you are doing so while bouncing ideas off smart faculty members, fellow students, and a network of alumni and university resources (although that network can vary from school to school, so ask beforehand about what’s available to you before you make an investment in an MBA).Entrepreneurs are imaginative and creative; they’re unwilling to accept the status quo and think about how things could be improved. They’re also oriented toward action. This, I think, is the heart of entrepreneurship—many business school students have great ideas, but entrepreneurs are often the first to go out and implement these ideas.Because of these qualities, entrepreneurially-minded students make business school a more interesting and exciting place to be. They’re often the most energetic and intelligent students, the ones who make it more fun to be in the classroom.The skills you gain as you earn your MBA give you the opportunity to create long-term value throughout your career, whether you start your own company, work at a small startup, or join a large firm. When I meet with corporate executives visiting Fuqua, they often tell me they are most interested in hiring our entrepreneurial students. This is understandable, as the greatest challenge facing firms today is managing innovation.The most obvious network you gain will be your classmates. Years from now, when you have a financial modeling question you can call the finance expert from your class: same with marketing, operations, and on and on. However, you’ll also have a network of alumni who can mentor and help support you. They will also have connections that might lead to financing or other direct help for your business.Finally, you will have your professors. One of the things that makes me happiest is to chat with a former student, talking through challenges while also seeing the ways her or his idea has succeeded. I haven’t met a professor yet who doesn’t enjoy connecting with alumni to mull over current issues they are facing.Not every startup is going to be a Google, an Apple, or an Amazon. However, the big idea alone didn’t build those companies. People who knew how to take products to consumers, market them, and develop and drive strategy built those companies.That’s why in my mind, entrepreneur + MBA = unlimited potential.
		Professor and Executive Director of the Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation	
		I’ve been teaching entrepreneurship and strategy and leading the entrepreneurship efforts at Fuqua since 2005....
Jon |
 Jon's 


I recall my decision to apply to business school and wondering, “where do I begin?” and “what are they looking for?” and “when is the best time and round for me to apply?” Applying to business school is a daunting task, but one that I guarantee will be worth the investment. You should begin by assessing your readiness to embark on this journey. Take stock in the career experiences you have had to date, what your future aspirations are, and whether or not you feel you have both sufficient experiences to add value to your classmates and to get the most out of your learning so that it prepares you for that next phase in your career.For me, it was about the 5-year mark, which also happens to be close to our  class average. For many, however, it could be much sooner, say after three or four years. The key is to be able to demonstrate the quality of your work experiences and the impact you have had, regardless of the amount of time. Once you have decided that you are ready to start the process, then you need to determine how much time it will take you to prepare your application. Before you begin working on it you might ask yourself, when is the best time to apply? The fact is we admit people in all of our application rounds. When it comes to determining which round is best for you, the general rule is that you should apply when you are able to submit your strongest application.With that said, here are some helpful tips:I am sure you have additional questions about our application, so I have put together a video where I explain the different components of the application and answer some frequently asked questions.Good luck with completing your application. Our team looks forward to getting to know you!
		Associate Dean for Admissions	
		I joined Fuqua as associate dean for Admissions in October 2017, having long admired Duke...
Shari |
 Shari's 


Duke University as a whole is one of the reasons why I chose Fuqua for my MBA program. As an international student, I was curious to explore the greater Duke community beyond Fuqua to see what the university experience in America looks like. And now after one year has passed, I’m still amazed by the many opportunities to get involved with on Duke’s campus. I’m a design thinking enthusiast who is also interested in the tech field. So when I found out about the Co-Lab, I was thrilled by the various courses it provides. Not only design thinking workshops, but also a Roots Program which focuses on understanding how to make use of a variety of tools and technologies, such as Python, iOS, and many more. It’s very useful for someone like me who is interested in tech but has no prior experience. I even signed up for a 3D modeling class!When I meet prospective students, most of them ask this question: Am I eligible to take a class at another Duke graduate school? And the answer is Yes. Since I focused on getting a foundation of business knowledge during my first year, I didn’t have a chance to take a class outside of Fuqua. However, many second-year MBA students take courses in the Pratt School of Engineering. There are also some law school and public policy school students that take courses at Fuqua as well.Duke is famous for men’s basketball. And even though I’m not a huge sports fan, Campout and cheering on the team at Cameron Indoor Stadium are some of my favorite business school memories. I recommend that all Fuqua students participate in Campout, which is how you get the student tickets for the men’s basketball games. Whether you are a basketball fan or not, camping out in the parking lot for three days with friends is a very fun and unique experience—especially for me since I hadn’t spent much time in or around universities in the U.S.During the season, we beat our rivals at The University of North Carolina, and all gathered after the game in front of the West Union to enjoy the bonfires. Massive celebrations after major sports victories like this can be typical to the American undergrad experience, and it was fun to mingle with other Duke students all in the name of a big win!Duke > UNC #gthc #fuquamms Repost: @ferduarteeA post shared by  Duke Fuqua | MMS Students (@fuquamms) on Mar 4, 2018 at 8:19am PSTFor Fuqua Students, a gym membership is included in your student fees—which means you should maximize your membership! One of my favorites is the outdoor swimming pool near Ninth Street. It’s a small, cozy pool perfect for swimming, playing water basketball, and lying out in the sun. Also, I love group workouts at Wilson and Brodie Gyms. My physical activity level is so poor, but still, those group activities are easy to follow and so much fun! It also helps me try new exercises I’ve never done before such as Pilates, barre, or Zumba. My second-year goal is to participate in more outdoor activities, such as rock climbing!Duke has several art venues including the Nasher Museum of Art, Rubenstein Arts Center, Page and Baldwin Auditoriums, and several more. I attended the grand opening of the Rubenstein Arts Center in the spring and know that it will be one of my favorite places at Duke going forward. I frequently check out concerts by Duke Performances as well. It’s such a great benefit that I can listen to terrific classical, jazz, and vocal music in a pretty auditorium, just five minutes away from my home, and all for the $10 student ticket rate.  Duke Chapel is one of the most famous buildings in the region, not to mention Duke, and many people visit the chapel and take pictures. Well, as a Duke student, you can enjoy more than just a photo in front of it. The chapel often opens up its top terrace to students. The view up there is breathtaking, with the classic gothic-style buildings and plentiful trees all around. My recommendation is to go there in the fall when the colorful leaves make the view all the more attractive! Also, you can participate as a choir member in the chapel, either during regular services or on special occasions. Fortunately, I had a chance to sing in the choir during a Christmas Concert, even though I am not a regular member. Singing Christmas songs for hours at the heart of the chapel was an amazing experience! In addition, Duke Chapel also holds many events and concerts, making life at Duke even more interesting.These are only the highlights of my experience on campus. There are tons of other opportunities if you look around. I’m so excited to have another year in business school and to explore the greater Duke Community beyond Fuqua!
		, Class of 2019	
		I'm an international student at Fuqua from South Korea. An American life and career are...
Janette |
 Janette's 


I’m incredibly proud of the resources that Duke University has invested in the innovation and entrepreneurship space. Prospective MBA students who want a comprehensive overview of all the amazing offerings focused on entrepreneurship at Duke and in Durham should check out this interactive map. It lists all the resources that Duke provides to innovators: key academic certificates, funding opportunities, startup incubators, experiential learning programs, makerspaces, hackathons, exchange programs, selective living arrangements for entrepreneurs, mentorship programs (and much more!) that Duke has to offer.The best part is that whether you’re a budding entrepreneur with a business idea that you want to nurture, an engineer interested in finding space to build and invent, an expert who wants to collaborate with teams from multi-disciplinary backgrounds to create and launch industry-specific products, or a new engager who is interested in learning more about innovation and entrepreneurship by taking an introductory course, Duke has something for you! I included a list below of some key resources that experts, entrepreneurs, engineers, and new engagers might be interested in so that folks can hit the ground running on day one.Many innovators and entrepreneurs have an interest in recruiting for a role in the tech industry. When I was a prospective student, Duke was at the top of my list, because I knew that tech recruiters sought out Duke students for coveted roles in Silicon Valley, and that year over year, Duke’s recruiting statistics have shown that graduates place incredibly well in the tech space. What I did not realize was just how many different resources Duke offers to students interested in learning more about innovation and entrepreneurship. Duke offers students an unparalleled opportunity to develop their ability to think in disruptive and innovative ways, providing students with the key skills that employers value and prioritize.Interested in working in a makerspace? Well, we have three to choose from. Want to start a company? No problem, the Duke Angel Network and the Duke Startup Challenge provide access to alumni venture capitalists, mentorship, and potential seed funding opportunities, plus access to a whole host of other resources for commercializing your venture. Interested in living in a dorm with other student entrepreneurs? Great, the Cube offers a selective living dormitory for entrepreneurs. Interested in joining a club related to commercial or social entrepreneurship? There’s bound to be a club for you! Want to biodesign, inventing medical devices, or how to apply coding skills to drive environmental sustainability efforts? There are 50-plus courses related to entrepreneurship and innovation, and there are no less than five academic certificates that will allow you to develop a focused course of study, and a new Duke-wide graduate-level certificate in innovation and entrepreneurship is in the works.And lastly, I’ll throw out a plug for the program I’m involved with. I’m a current Stanford University Innovation Fellow, and if you’re interested in improving the current programs offered around innovation and entrepreneurship at Duke, you might want to apply to the fellows program and join the amazing team of scholars, staff, professors, mentors, and investors who work tirelessly to make sure that Duke consistently produces best-in-class innovators and entrepreneurs. I hope you take the time to explore the resources below. From the Duke Incubation Fund to Fuqua’s Program for Entrepreneurs (also known as P4E), Duke has made a commitment to prepare the next generation of innovators on every level.
		, Class of 2019	
		I am passionate about design thinking and social entrepreneurship, work as a teaching fellow for...
Griffin |
 Griffin's 


Before coming to Fuqua, I didn’t expect that students would run the school as much as they do. The student-led culture here is very supportive and collaborative, and I think that sets Fuqua apart from others schools.You have numerous opportunities to lead a team, and countless opportunities to work on them. Students have the power to drive initiatives and leave the school better than they found it. The administration is very supportive in regards to that, and they let us do what we want and need to make the school better. It’s a risk-free environment to test the leadership skills we’ll need in our careers. That’s been very meaningful to me.Just a few weeks into my first year, I was elected section rep—a leadership position amongst my 75 or so section mates. It meant a great deal to me because I was someone who would never run for anything. It gave me confidence, knowing I had their support to build our community. I appreciated the opportunity to serve my classmates and be the one to represent them in front of the larger school community, and it pushed me as a leader in a way that probably wouldn’t have occurred otherwise.Many of my duties centered around communication. I’d meet with the other five section reps, and also with Senior Associate Dean Russ Morgan, and the MBA Association (MBAA) co-presidents to talk about issues facing first-year students. The topics varied each week, from student events to recruiting challenges to general business school stress. One thing that came out of these discussions was that based on some concerns we were seeing regarding stress and keeping ourselves mentally healthy, a new health and wellness position was established within the MBAA to help.One of the highlights for me was organizing a Safari Dinner each term. The four events were progressive dinners where people were randomly paired and would rotate to different locations for appetizers and dinner. It allowed us to go beyond the surface level conversations we might normally have in other settings, and because the pairings we random, we got to know different classmates.Going into my second year, I was selected for the role of vice president of student organizations. I wanted a way to give back to the school that has given so much to me.At Fuqua, all the clubs fall under the MBAA, which is student-run and student elected. My job was to direct all the club presidents toward success and be a support mechanism for their event planning. Whereas the section rep role was more of a communication role, this was more about execution. It required a lot of organization and attention, and was very time-consuming.I spent time over the summer planning our club fair and club info sessions to help the incoming first-year students determine which clubs they wanted to be part of. Along with the MBAA presidents and treasurer, I led the budget process to determine how much funding each club would get, and also helped manage the Fuqua events calendar to ensure there were no conflicts and that the school had the resources to support each event.Since Fuqua is a student-run school in many ways—and those students cycle in and out every two years—one of the tricky things about the role is looking for ways to preserve current knowledge and practices and help future student leaders access and build on that knowledge base going forward.A highlight of my work with the MBAA was establishing new guidelines and documents to guide club presidents in transitioning all the information they had to the new presidents. Our hope is that this process improves the ability for clubs to build upon their successes each year when students cycle out.The actions that student leadership at Fuqua take are based on what students tell us. Ultimately, it’s about receiving the feedback we get from my fellow classmates and using it to make Fuqua even better for our class and future classes. Taking on these roles have given me the opportunity for self-reflection and growth, and these experiences will be invaluable in my brand management role post-Fuqua where I will be responsible for leading cross-functional teams.Just prior to graduation, I was humbled to be among a handful of my classmates who received a student leadership award. It was an incredible honor to be recognized by my peers, and I imagine that when I look back on my time at Fuqua years from now, it’ll serve as a reminder of just how special this place is and how each student has the ability to contribute to each other’s experience. Fuqua provided me with the opportunity to develop further as a leader in a way that will meaningfully impact my career moving forward, and I would encourage any incoming student to take advantage of these opportunities to improve their skills.
		, Class of 2018	
		Before Fuqua Born and raised in South Florida, I graduated from the University of Central...
Melissa |
 Melissa's 


When I first arrived at Fuqua, I was sure that I wanted to pursue design consulting as a career path. I went through several detours and more ups and downs than I would have liked, but I’m glad to say that I did end up doing an internship at Academy, a UX & Design Thinking Studio in New York.My summer was fantastic! Given that Academy is a small firm, I got to work very closely with the CEO, Adam Perlis, on all sorts of initiatives, though mostly I focused on a client project and the development of a new service offering. The expertise of the firm is a method called Design Sprints (look it up, it’s awesome!), and it was amazing to take such an active role in running one for a client and seeing it’s powerful results.Though getting some training on design is enormously beneficial, I strongly believe that being a great designer is about solving problems in an empathetic and creative way. Many of us are more capable of that than we give ourselves credit for. Design teams tend to be very diverse because getting different perspectives is the only way to craft the best solution possible. And business thinking definitely has to have a seat at the table for that to happen. I think as a business school student trying to move into this field, it’s key to understand what unique viewpoints, questions, and inputs we bring to a project. We might not be formally trained designers, but that by no means precludes us from being great design thinkers and amazing assets on any design team.I’m not going to lie, pursuing non-traditional career paths in business school is tough. It takes grit, a lot of patience, a great support network, and definitely luck. I was lucky enough to have had a lot of amazing opportunities to delve deeper into the design world while at Fuqua. A big part of that was the Design & Innovation Club and all of the opportunities and great connections it facilitated. As co-president, I helped build an amazing team and hopefully left a strong legacy that will continue to make design skills more ubiquitous at Fuqua.In the end, what truly makes a difference is the people you surround yourself with, and nobody can ask for a better community than what we have at Fuqua. I couldn’t be more thankful to my friends, my classmates, and my Career Management Center coaches for the support and encouragement they’ve given me. So, find those people who support you when you need it most, those who help you thrive, those who believe in you when you don’t even believe in yourself. Find that community and your MBA journey (and beyond) will be that much more consequential.  I’m excited to be joining the Strategic Design team at BCG Digital Ventures as a senior strategic designer after graduation. So, if you too are passionate about design and want to pursue this as a career path, let’s stick together! Feel free to reach out, and you can count on me as an ally and a friend.

		I'm a design thinker who is passionate about solving the world’s most pressing social problems....
Mariela |
 Mariela's 


This blog was written by a Cross Continent MBA student prior to the program’s merger with the Global Executive MBA program. Driving up over the crest of Vail Pass, 10,000 feet above sea level and just above the tree line, my phone rang. My colleagues and I were in a car on our way to Denver to conclude programming with Denver Public Schools.“Hello, this is Natalie.”“Natalie, it’s Amanda Laird from the Fuqua School of Business. I’m calling to congratulate you.”My heart stopped. Years of thought and preparation for an academic opportunity of this magnitude never prepared me for the innate reaction to such news. Squeals of delight reverberated throughout the car.And the rest is history.My initial elation was coupled with anxiety for what would come. How will I integrate into a world of thought unparalleled to my arts background and nonprofit experience? What will the balance of my work and family life entail as we travel the globe, learning for the next 17 months? How natural will the life of a student be for me, ten years after completing my bachelor degree?Thus far, it’s been joyous. I relished in the awakening of my quantitative mind while running through the pre-work required before the start of the program. I’ve come to remember just how much I enjoy being a student. Launching into prerequisite questionnaires and analyzing processes by which I make decisions have deepened my recognition for how I associate my identity with the world at large.Brimming with full-fledged curiosity and an appetite to apply the mechanics of how business ticks, I couldn’t wait to learn with the Cross Continent MBA Class of 2016. It turns out, you can bring together over 100 people with vastly different backgrounds, a common curiosity, passion and ambition, and create a supportive learning environment that expands across the globe.Our first two-week residency together in Durham was loaded with opportunities to break down the social barriers that may exist in our professional lives and connect with each other. Our experiences crisscrossed industries and fueled fresh perspectives in our class discussions. We supported each other through the swift learning curve of what it meant to be a student again. By residency’s end, friendships had blossomed, minds were on fire, and we returned home as new people.The beat goes on. With constant communication amongst classmates eager to plan for our next residency together, our WhatsApp filled with stories of what we are up to and photos capturing “Blue Devil” doll shenanigans. We kept the energy and momentum from our time in Durham as we launched into the new routine of distance learning in between residencies and laid the foundation for everlasting friendships and a profound tie to our new Fuqua community!
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2016	
		I reside in Aspen, Colorado, a hotbed of creativity mixed with adventurous spirit that draws business leaders, policy makers and leaders from across the globe. There I work for the Aspen Institute, a non-profit organization that provide a nonpartisan venue for addressing critical issues in our world today.	
Natalie |
 Natalie's 


This blog was written by a Cross Continent MBA student prior to the program’s merger with the Global Executive MBA program. Thanks to the reality TV show we know how the script goes. Everyone gathers as the project is kicked off, some tears are shed, what’s known is destroyed, more tears are shed. Work is done around the clock. Then everyone goes away and returns only to see the miraculous and impressive finished product. But this isn’t a house we’re talking about. This is “Extreme Accounting Makeover: Katherine Schipper Edition.”Duke’s Cross Continent MBA classes are always extraordinarily diverse groups. My Class of 2017 represents 19 countries and many different professions, most of which are without an accounting or pure financial background. But it’s an accrual world out there, and understanding accounting practices is nonetheless a vital part of an MBA.Tasked to get us into ‘ship shape’ was Professor Katherine Schipper, Thomas F. Keller professor and first female member of the Accounting Hall of Fame. Unlike the male-models-turned-carpenters on the TV editions, she actually has the qualifications to complete an Extreme Makeover and talent to ensure that we all make it to the finish line no matter our prior experience.Like any makeover, the secret to getting ahead is getting started, and your journey begins even before Financial Accounting classes start, at the moment you get your Term 1 pre-assignments. ‘Credit’ those usual drinks with friends since any ‘debit’ you can make on studying now is advantageous. Completing the assignments before the class residency begins will allow you to get the most out of the in-person sessions.Part of what makes Professor Shipper so effective in making us over into “passable readers of financial statements” is the thought she puts into her class sessions and coursework. Unlike reality TV, there is nothing left on the cutting room floor, no outtakes or reshoots. Classes are hours of deep learning in which all the reading and cases are used in a way that’s almost musical in its composition. Dividing her questions throughout the room, she keeps the cold calls balanced like a T-Account and the class on the edge of their seats.Throughout the residency portion of the class you learn humility from the cold calls and advanced concepts discussed. This humility is important when leaning on the accounting TA’s review sessions (which are a must!) and sitting for the midterm at the end of residency. In accounting class, everyone counts, and part of the makeover is the comradery Professor Schipper’s curriculum builds with the class.After departing Durham and starting on the distance portion of the curriculum, we were already acting as a class, working on team projects and reaching out to each other for questions we may have. That is the ultimate final reward of the Extreme Accounting Makeover—when the big reveal takes place at the end, we are all standing together, as passable readers of financial statements, but just as importantly, as one.
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2017	
		I'm a recovering expat who is trying to elevate small talk to medium talk. A...
Brandon |
 Brandon's 


This blog was written by a Cross Continent MBA alumna prior to the program’s merger with the Global Executive MBA program. If you are anything like me, you began your MBA not knowing what you wanted to get out of your educational experience. I was relatively happy with how my career was proceeding. I liked my job and wanted to use my MBA to move up within my company.Then I met my classmates, many of whom had the perfect “conversation starter jobs”—like pilots, doctors, entrepreneurs—the ones that everyone at the party is impressed with. But the job I wanted to talk about most was consulting—there was something about the travel, the people, and working with clients on some of their most important strategic challenges that seemed incredibly exciting. It was all the fun stuff I did during my MBA, but in real life.Once I started the Cross Continent MBA (CCMBA) program, it didn’t take long before I set my sights on a consulting career. I bought all the recommended case books, signed up for Victor Cheng’s (abundant) emails, and practiced casing with my classmates. I went through at least 10 iterations of my resume and cover letter with the patient help of both the Career Management Center and one of my (amazing) professors. It was a painstaking but necessary effort if I wanted a shot at a consulting job in Zurich, Switzerland, where I was living. Having Duke (a target recruiting school at the Big Three consulting firms) on my resume was definitely a plus, and of course it was internationally recognized, and I knew what I’d learned in class would come in handy during case interviews. However, each year these firms get hundreds of thousands of applicants, so landing an offer was far from a given.After four months of preparation, I was ready to apply. A friend counted down as I mustered the courage to submit my application for a job at Boston Consulting Group (BCG) and then quickly sent out the others. I expected it would be a few weeks before hearing a response, but barely four days later, I got a call from BCG asking me to come in for an interview. A few more weeks went by and I got the same request from Bain. I had also applied to McKinsey, but that didn’t work out for reasons related to my former employer, so I moved forward with BCG and Bain.Thanks to my Duke network, I secured informational interviews at both firms which helped me to feel confident going into my first round. I received invitations from BCG and Bain for a second and final round. But I knew after my first interview at BCG that something felt right. I can’t explain it—it was just a good ‘fit.’For my final interview, BCG had me come in previous to my last MBA residency in Durham. I’d decided that if I received an offer, I’d accept. Then I’d be able to focus solely on my electives and not worry about resume writing, interviewing, and casing.The second round BCG interviews were tough. I met with two partners, a principle, and an HR manager. How did I perform under the pressure? Well, I had some embarrassing moments that included kicking my interviewer in the leg, but we simply laughed together and got on with business. This only confirmed my feelings for BCG.When we wrapped up, I was asked to wait in the meeting room while they discussed my candidacy. I wiped my sweaty palms on my skirt and opened the window as I reflected on the day. Gauging how well you’ve done is nearly impossible. Some interviewers are hard on you, some are nice, but there is not always a clear link between an interviewer’s demeanor and your performance.After what felt like an eternity, the door opened. There stood the partner and HR manager smiling with a big BCG bag in hand. Was it a good sign or a giant chocolate bar and bottle of whiskey to drown out my sorrows? The partner asked how I thought it went. I nervously answered, “Well, really it’s up to you to tell me.” He held up the bag with a smile and said, “Congratulations!” Then we sat down and he explained how they made their decisions and the criteria they use to rate candidates. They look at how well they think you’d do with a client, your problem solving skills, your teamwork skills, and a range of other factors.I was very anxious to accept their offer. I received emails from my three first-round interviewers congratulating me and offering to answer any questions. I also received a message from the partner who heads up my previous industry wanting to discuss my opportunities at BCG. But I knew I was making the right decision when I had a humorous email exchange with the interviewer I had embarrassingly kicked. He sent me a picture of the hockey goalie shin guards that he told me he now wears to protect himself from the aggressions he may suffer from future interviewers.After working so hard to prepare for this moment, finally signing my contract was an unbelievable feeling. Giving up nights out during residencies to work on my interviewing skills, spending weekends on PrepLounge practicing cases, and dedicating evenings after work to preparing my resume and cover letter was all worth it to land my dream consulting job at Boston BCG.As you go through the stringent application and interviewing phase, just remember: where there is a will, there is a way. If you’re a CCMBA student then you’ve made it through all-nighters and 24-hour exams—you have the intelligence and ambition required, all you need now is the will to push through and a reliable supply of caffeine.Read Cora’s next blog to learn about her experience during the first couple of months on the job, and watch the video below to hear her and classmates talk about the CCMBA program.
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2015	
		I've lived in Belgium, Germany, the US, Austria and now in Switzerland. I started as an engineer at Bombardier Transportation and since have moved into a sales role. I love cheese and chocolate and burn off those calories by running, biking and swimming. 	
Coralie |
 Coralie's 


This blog was written by a Cross Continent MBA student prior to the program’s merger with the Global Executive MBA program. I have never questioned if I should complete an MBA, it was merely a matter of when and where it would take place.Like most people who have a tendency to be overly organized, I began the process by completing an exhaustive list comparing universities and their programs to my interests and objectives. This was particularly challenging for me considering that I live and work in Saudi Arabia. I was looking for MBA programs that would accommodate the fact that I would not be able to quit my full-time job. However, I did not want a program that was fully delivered online. It was important to find a program that would be comprehensive and robust enough for me to get a meaningful education and experience—a program that would not be just another ‘check-the-box’ degree.“Education is learning what you didn’t even know you didn’t know.” – Daniel J. Boorstin, HistorianI went through the exercise of comparing university programs from all over the world, and I quickly learned something. If I wanted to visualize myself in a program, I would need to hear firsthand accounts from students who had gone through it themselves. Rankings were definitely a factor, as I wanted to be in a university that carried significant credibility through its reputation. After all, whether we choose to admit it or not, the prestige of graduating from certain universities carries significant weight for future career endeavors.However, that doesn’t measure student satisfaction or quantify what my experience as a student would be. Statistics from rankings, citations, publications, and institutional income are unable to reflect the broader picture of how I might fair in a particular university, and what my educational experience as a whole might be like. Additionally, program courses, curricula, and professor profiles that I investigated were also, as expected, superior yet relatively similar across the schools.Duke University became my first-choice school among several ranked universities to which I was accepted. One of the unique and distinguished factors that set Duke apart from the rest was The Fuqua School of Business and its Cross Continent MBA program (CCMBA). This accelerated full-time MBA program is one of the most internationally-focused offered by a U.S. school, taking students to five different global cities during the program.In your research, you’re going to come across a colossal amount of information that you’ll need to interpret and analyze to make one of the biggest decisions of your life. In considering this major financial, time, and personal commitment, I want to leave you with a few considerations that were major parts of my decision-making process. These are three factors that now, almost halfway through the CCMBA program, I can speak on very confidently.This program has been a place where I have had the opportunity to meet very smart and well-rounded young men and women who are some of the most motivated and accomplished individuals from all around the world. These individuals excel in their workplace and also in the classroom—which is only to be expected at an academically challenging university like Duke where there is a high degree of pressure to achieve.However, while my cohort is highly competitive and strives to earn top marks, we are not cutthroat in doing so. Students remain immensely helpful to one another and understand that working as a team carries much more value than working independently. This competitive and yet collaborative atmosphere is conducive to learning at the highest degree.Duke wants to produce graduates “who can drink champagne with the rich and famous and can drink chai with those who that’s all they can afford.” – Blair Sheppard, Former Fuqua DeanIn your research on Fuqua, you’ll come across “Team Fuqua” dozens of times. Anyone that has been through the program will vouch that Team Fuqua is not just how we refer to ourselves as a community, or a cheesy marketing strategy—it is a philosophy and a way of working together that we all follow.It’s based on six fundamental principles, each of which are built into all components of student life and curricula at Fuqua, creating a culture that you carry with you even after graduation. If you have not read or do not know of these principles, read them. They are one of the top three reasons why I enrolled.“Each member of any team is selected for his or her specific attributes and capabilities. I like to think of each as a separate finger on the fist. Any one individually is important. But all of them together are unbeatable.” – Mike Krzyzewski, Duke Men’s Basketball Coach The culture of teams and collaborative leadership at Fuqua is one of the most distinct features of the school’s degree programs. In most universities, students are taught to be independent and work for his or her own success. That can lead to cutthroat instincts, yet as soon as we’re let into the professional world we’re told to work in teams to accomplish a mutual goal.Instead, abiding by the Team Fuqua principles means that you can become a leader of true consequence. Dean Bill Boulding defines this kind of leadership well by saying that you must “have a sense of purpose to make a difference in the lives of others; engage across barriers to create collaboration and innovation; do not take positions on issues through the lens of simplistic and narrow self-interest, and be a global citizen.”My tenure as a Blue Devil is not just for the 17 months that I am enrolled at the university, it is for a lifetime. The Duke alumni network is ranked as one of the best in the world. During my MBA search, I was able to connect with several alumni over LinkedIn and other social media platforms and those interactions confirmed my feelings that Duke should be my alma mater. Even today in the program I continuously see the power of the Duke network. For example, just within the CCMBA program you’ll meet and interact with several alumni during each class residency.Joe Chien, managing director of Blackstone China and a Duke alumnus, said at the beginning of his talk with our cohort in Shanghai that he values being able to give back to the Duke community and stay involved. To be able to seek advice and guidance from such an accomplished individual is invaluable, and the open-door sessions like the one with Joe make it very comfortable to approach alumni and to collaborate on opportunities or exchange information. How Duke alumni disseminate valuable information is worthy of an entire blog itself.Whether you’re looking to move forward in your career or begin a new one, targeting and growing a network is crucial, and the alumni network that Duke University fosters is an especially effective one. It will increase your chances of developing the right opportunities for yourself, while maintaining lifelong friendships.“The richest people in the world look for and build networks. Everyone else looks for work.” – Robert Kiyosaki, AuthorIn closing, if you’re considering Fuqua’s CCMBA program, then you’ve probably already decided that you don’t want to quit your full-time job, that you want to have the classroom face-to-face experience, and that you’d like to have virtually no free time for 17 months while you take on one of the most challenging, but rewarding educational experiences of your life. I salute you.
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2017	
		I've previously lived in Miami and am now located in Saudi Arabia, working as the...
Tarik |
 Tarik's 


Why go back to earn an MBA? Why now? Why Fuqua? These are some of the questions I received when deciding to pursue an MBA midway through my career. I have experienced professional success, and am working at (in my opinion) the best corporation in the world, Johnson & Johnson, with a culture, purpose, and people that fuel me every day.Things are going well, and the future is looking bright, so why change the recipe? Well, the world is evolving so rapidly now and the pace of change is faster than ever before. I quickly realized that much of what worked for me in the past likely would not work in the future, or at best would have diminishing returns. Just as with innovation, I needed to build to future requirements, not current requirements. I needed, and wanted, to invest in the next steps of my career. I know now, more than the day I was accepted to Fuqua, that the Global Executive MBA (GEMBA) was the right program to prepare me for my next step for three clear reasons.I have benefitted at Fuqua by learning from an incredibly diverse, global set of instructors, administrators, and classmates. These people are experienced leaders, from across the globe, with different experiences and career goals but shared values and drive. I have been at the same company for 18 years, and while that is a major asset, learning from people smarter and more accomplished than me from outside my organization was a real attraction. I can say with confidence, coupling my J&J experience with learning from a new set of people at Fuqua will be a great combination.The GEMBA program is stretching me to redefine my ‘baseline’ capacity as a leader, and as a person. For the business and societal challenges which are ahead, being as effective as possible, all the time, is crucial to best serve others. Joining the GEMBA program has stretched me—academically, professionally, and personally—and then adapting to this new normal, it has helped me to be ready for what’s next. At J&J we talk all the time about ‘managing your energy’ through the principles of the Human Performance Institute. I never really got it until being part of the GEMBA program, and now have the capacity to do more, better, and have more energy.One could say many top businesses schools offer the two aforementioned benefits, but perhaps not the third. The culture of “Team Fuqua” is preparing me to lead in a different, and better way. The values of Fuqua closely align to those of my company—the J&J Credo, Team Fuqua, and Fuqua’s Honor Code—all coming from a place of serving others with a shared set of ethics and values, and all with the team mentality central to my next career step as a leader. Nothing happens because of one person, and strong leaders are needed more than ever now, and in the future. Team Fuqua, the sense of serving others, and the ethical standards which accompany it, are a blueprint for future success. It’s real, and it’s special.I know any success I experience as a leader at J&J moving forward will be in large part due to the experiences I am having at Fuqua, and the faculty and classmates which I have learned from every day. I cannot wait to attack what is ahead!
		Global Executive MBA, Class of 2018	
		I am a proud member of the Global Executive MBA Class of 2018. I currently...
David |
 David's 


Admittedly, consulting is a popular and well-explored career in business schools. Experience in consulting can be powerful: you gain multi-disciplinary and cross-functional exposure while working on strategic C-suite problems in various industries. So how do you know if the consulting track is for you? Well, for one, try a case competition.For those unfamiliar with case competitions, they are professional events, often targeting MBA students, where participants work in a team to develop and present a recommendation to a real-world problem within a defined time frame. Some may argue that case competitions, by design, could  be as close as you can get to practicing how to pitch and sell consulting projects to the management team.Last November, four of my classmates and I decided to compete in the Duke/UNC Cisco Marketing Case Competition. It all started when our team lead, Charitra Adhikari, found out about it through an email sent from The Duke MBA Tech Club. A quick text to our class’ WhatsApp group instantly brought together professionals from diverse career backgrounds: an entrepreneur from India, a management consultant from Chicago, an analytics specialist from San Francisco, a medical device engineer from Philadelphia, and a petroleum engineer from Houston.Our task was to define business collaboration use cases for artificial intelligence (AI) and develop a marketing plan within a week. The case appeared to be an open-ended one, so we drew from our individual experiences to brainstorm as many ideas as possible for applying AI in the workplace and leave no stone unturned. Some of the most discussed ideas included: intelligent project management, automated meeting scheduling, and smart note taking.The discussion then led to one about our struggles with language gaps at work. One teammate enthusiastically shared his current challenges working with foreign vendors because they don’t speak a common language and thus must rely on an interpreter for any business communication. When we realized this was a common pain point that we collectively felt, we knew we were onto something. Our idea to implement an AI-backed real-time translation service for conference calls was born.After settling on our recommendation, we delegated responsibilities amongst ourselves based on our individual preferences to conduct additional research and develop presentation materials. On the day of the competition, we were given 30 minutes to present and answer questions from the panel of four Cisco judges via a video call. Despite our best effort to make a persuasive case and support each other during the Q&A, we didn’t end up advancing to the final round. We traded notes with other participant teams afterward, and in retrospect, we realized we could have touched more on the financial benefits of our recommendation, which the winning team seemed to have conducted an extensive analysis on.In any case, we were thrilled that every team member explored a concept that the world can potentially benefit from and stayed committed throughout the experience. In fact, over the three days leading up to the submission date, the team tirelessly met via WebEx every day around the clock in different time zones to fine-tune and rehearse for the final deliverable.A few days after the competition, we received an email from the organizer with feedback on what we did well and could improve on. Getting personalized feedback was a valuable insight and a friendly reminder that competitions like these are not about “winning or losing” but rather “winning or learning.”I highly recommend that anyone in a business school program try a case competition. It’ll teach you a thing or two about time management, research, data analysis, and public speaking, all in a matter of just a few weeks. And you’re doing it with people you may not know well, which is often the case in consulting firms when you get staffed on new teams. I’m planning to participate in more case competitions this year through Fuqua’s various clubs.If you’re interested in learning more about how you can assess your fit with a consulting career at Fuqua, check out the Fuqua Client Consulting Practicum (FCCP) where Fuqua students form a consulting team to advise a real client on their actual business problem under faculty advisor’s coaching.Steve is a student in the Cross Continent MBA program, which recently merged with the Global Executive MBA program for future classes. 
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2018	
		Born in the sweet home state of Alabama, I spent half of my life in...
Steve |
 Steve's 


Team Fuqua. It’s a term you constantly hear in our community. Ask for a definition and a hundred people will tell you a hundred stories to illustrate what it means to them.Synthesizing these stories, in my view, and more importantly, in the eyes of the corporate community, Team Fuqua is a way of working. It’s the instinct to draw out strengths in others to move a team forward toward a common goal. It’s core to our DNA, and the drive to develop that instinct in our community infuses everything we do. That instinct also helps our alumni excel in companies all over the world.Why is the Team Fuqua style of working so impactful? There is a saying of disputed origin: “To go fast, go alone. To go far, go together.” We have nothing against individual success—it’s important. However, a great team will always beat a great individual, no matter how talented. We would go a step further and say that the more diverse that team, the better the results. Academic research has shown that diverse teams outperform ones in which members are all alike—if each member identifies with the team and has a sense of belonging.Therefore, we believe that it’s essential that future business leaders be able to unlock the power that lies in difference. Bringing out the best in others isn’t just a nice approach to work, it’s a winning business strategy. In fact, it’s the secret sauce to meaningful collaboration that leads to true innovation. Innovation happens when people who have differing perspectives and experiences come together to approach problems and new thinking emerges. Harnessing the power of teams requires leadership that appreciates the strength in difference and encourages authenticity so everyone is bringing their full self to the team. That commitment to valuing difference is at the heart of Team Fuqua.Let me give you an example of Team Fuqua in action.A few years back a research firm interviewed several recruiters about the value of Fuqua graduates. One of the companies shared the following. At a certain stage in this firm’s recruiting process, the best candidates are brought together and given a problem to solve. Because it’s a job interview, each candidate naturally tries to position the exercise in a way that highlights his or her own strengths. However, the recruiter shared that Fuqua students are very different. Instead of pointing to their own capabilities, they focus on figuring out what each of the other people participating in the exercise brings to the table that can make the team successful. Fuqua students start with building relationships and finding the best way to solve the problem collectively.The recruiter highly valued that approach. Ironically, by allowing other people to shine the Fuqua candidates were the brightest stars in the eyes of this company. We’ve heard similar stories from companies all over the globe.We’re proud that our graduates are the leaders people want to work for—the ones that capture the hearts, minds, and hands of the organization. Team Fuqua isn’t a tagline or marketing scheme—it’s a way of working that is making a difference well beyond our own community.
		Dean	
		I feel lucky every day to be dean and have the opportunity to lead this...
Bill |
 Bill's 


This blog was written prior to the Cross Continent MBA program merger with the Global Executive MBA program. Choosing to pursue an MBA is a life-altering decision. It usually involves spending quite some time looking at a program’s coursework, class size and composition, and school ranking among many other things. It’s not that these data points don’t matter, but there are also many things you learn in business school that cannot be easily defined and ranked by Poets & Quants.Part of what initially drove me to choose Duke’s Cross Continent MBA program was the opportunity to be able to apply the concepts learned in the program directly to my current job. But little did I know that some of the most helpful concepts were not using decision trees to inform strategy decisions—although they are quite useful—but rather these more abstract concepts that can be applied to every pursuit in the workplace and at home.Remember that time when you used to eat popcorn and binge-watch Stranger Things? Life. Was. Good. Or was it? There is something to be said about having free time, but after going through the program I believe there is even more to be said about doing something meaningful as often as you can. Dividing time between work, family, and school is no easy task, but you are quickly able to sort out what matters most and focus on those things.Sometimes that’s an exam or a paper, sometimes it’s a friend’s wedding or a business trip. There is never a right answer on how you spend your time during your MBA, but you will soon learn how to identify what you should be doing quickly and effectively. It will serve you will the rest of your life.Author’s subtitle: Being right is not always the right thing to be.Here’s a dare for new and future students—during the first meeting with your learning team start telling everyone what to do and see how it ends up. See how quickly the collective intelligence and aptitude of your teammates put you back in line.There’s no doubt that team dynamics play a critical role in your MBA experience and sometimes it’s just not going to be easy. But few things in life that are easy are worth doing, and although you may have differing opinions and solutions, working with a capable and diverse team will teach you plenty if you have an open mind. Which leads me to the next one…Always. I have learned that even if I think I have the right answer and the right explanation I will still gain something from hearing a teammate’s perspective that I hadn’t thought about before. A different vantage point. A competing view. These always lead to better decision making. Using a team to make decisions in the program or at work is something I now view as being critical. Always surround yourself with mentors and others who think differently from you, and frankly, people that are smarter than you. Because even if you make that perfect decision once, you will always be better off working with a group to pursue a common goal.Always. This may seem easy, but it’s extraordinarily difficult. A deadline is looming at work, a project is due tomorrow, you need to pick up the kids from soccer practice in a few hours. The mind is constantly thinking ahead as society continues to change and our phones continue to buzz with notifications and things past due. Learning to be present in the program, specifically in residencies, is crucial. And maintaining a full presence at work during the distance learning periods is life-changing, even though it can be impossible to do so all the time. There is no need to stress about something in the future, or something that just happened. Just let the waves crash over, do what you need to, and enjoy every moment.In the program, you will learn that ambiguity and uncertainty are common companions in business and that communication is one of the best ways to minimize their impact in school and in your career. However, not all communication is created equal, and it’s important to learn that by parsing everything down into a specific project you can get clearer communication and make the appropriate decisions for your team and company.Although you will meet some seemingly superhuman people in the program, everyone and I mean everyone has something that they love to do outside of school and work. So make time for it, and embrace it. There may be nothing that will help you more in the program and your career than spending a small amount of time each day doing something that you are passionate about. Who knows, maybe that hobby will eventually become your career, so “Treat Yo’ Self!”Oh, operations class. You taught us about bottlenecks and how we can only be as efficient as our slowest step or process. However, as this applies to widgets, it also applies to your teams and career. You will learn that everyone on your team has strengths in weaknesses. The same goes for your company. You’ll be able to quickly identify the limiting step and by empowering your teammates and staff, see significant gains. But ultimately you will also begin to see the limiting steps within yourself—the process that takes you the longest—and by changing or focusing on that you can become a better person or employee.Not everything can actually be fixed, nor does it need to be. School, work and life are all imperfect, so run with the imperfections and not away from them.Mary Anne Radmacher once said, “You are not the same having seen the moon shine on the other side of the world.”During the program, you will have the opportunity to visit and study on four continents and meet business leaders from around the world with a diverse class from many different countries and cultures. This will undoubtedly have a profound effect on how you view the world and your work. As the world continues to become increasingly globalized this perspective will carry even more weight and your knowledge of how to conduct business in these countries will become all the more valuable.And that is what our program is all about.
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2017	
		I'm a recovering expat who is trying to elevate small talk to medium talk. A...
Brandon |
 Brandon's 


As part of the residency for our fourth term, my Global Executive MBA (GEMBA) classmates and I were in Shanghai. I wanted to provide insights on life in the program, so here are some moments from a typical day in our residency!Here we are quizzing Chauncey Shey, one of China’s most prominent and successful venture capitalists and high tech entrepreneurs on how traditional businesses are being transformed by cutting-edge technology. GEMBA residencies balance the academic rigor of Duke’s world-class faculty with activities designed to immerse the class in the national business culture. This includes speaker sessions with industry experts like Chauncey to provide insights on industries, trends, and opportunities.My classmates Lauretta (who works at Ingredion), Trent (Medtronic), Greg (Xylem), Julie (Eli Lilly) are ready for class. Our desks are always a mess by the end of a residency! One of the greatest strengths of the GEMBA cohort is our diversity—no one industry or function dominates and around 20 nationalities are represented. This diversity combined with robust work experience and a high strength of opinion leads to every class being challenging, insightful, and stimulating in equal measure. Class is done, so I”m getting ready to head out to discover Shanghai with TeSha—rocking the Duke shirts of course! Experiencing the local culture is a key part of the GEMBA residency experience.We’re visiting a local community in Caoyang, an area that’s changed beyond any other in Shanghai. International residencies provide numerous opportunities to be immersed in the local culture and gain a different perspective on the host society beyond what you would get from regular business travel! Nothing illustrates modern Shanghai like the 75-year-old owner of the center checking her FitBit steps and finding she’d done more than us!Meanwhile, Scott, Greg, and Adam have elected to be “lost in Shanghai”—dropped off at an unknown location with about two words of Mandarin between them and three hours to get back to the hotel. Teamwork is being truly put to the test here!A third GEMBA group got under the skin of contemporary Chinese art this afternoon—and Cesar, Bridget and Jenn took the opportunity to perfect their Running Man!I already mentioned that diversity is one of the greatest strengths of the GEMBA cohort. Every day your preconceptions are challenged, your mind is opened and you develop new perspectives on business, society and the world around us from being in a class with successful professionals from across the globe. You also get many opportunities for the “how many nationalities can you fit into a photo” game. Here, we have four: U.S. (Mike S), Ghana (Lauretta), India (Sandeep) and U.K. (yours truly). Five if you count the bemused Chinese shoppers in the background!One of the main motivations for undertaking a Global Executive MBA is to build a cross-industry network with successful executives from across the globe. The GEMBA program facilitates this with superb Global Leader Keynote sessions and dinners—here with Bill Johnson, Managing Director China, KONE.We end the evening with friends, drinks, and random Chinese snacks, combined with one of the best views I’ve ever seen. Moments like this emphasize why Fuqua’s Global Executive MBA has been so transformational for me. You’re surrounded by the smartest people you’ll ever be in a room with and every day is challenging and invigorating in equal measure. With all that said, the Team Fuqua collaborative ethos permeates far more deeply than the professional network you originally sign up for and has made the time we’ve shared across different countries so memorable and so informative to our future development as executives and leaders of consequence.I hope you’ve enjoyed this snapshot into GEMBA life as much as I have in sharing it. It’s been an honor and a privilege. Cheers!
		Global Executive MBA, Class of 2017	
		I'm a member of the Global Executive MBA Class of 2017. I currently work as...
Phil |
 Phil's 


This blog was written prior to the Cross Continent MBA program merger with the Global Executive MBA program. The Duke Cigar Club, established by our class in late 2016, was one of Duke’s formally recognized “non-essential” academic clubs. It was certainly the indulgent and extravagant type. Solidarity through cigars was the truism held by members and instilled by our Club Chairman James Watson. As individuals, we were very type A, but as a group, we were a strong type B. Our demographics were wide, our backgrounds were broad, our cigar experience was diverse, and our levels of enthusiasm for cigars were high.Anyone that’s smoked with us can tell you, we formed a pretty laid back and nonchalant group. If you didn’t have a cigar, we provided you one. If you didn’t know how to smoke a cigar, we taught you how. If you just wanted to come and hang out, we welcomed you. We had good conversations and created good memories over the course of the program. The club made it a point to have one formal meet at least once during each residency. However, many of us got together in well-sized groups at other points during our stays.To be honest though, it wasn’t about the cigars. It was about the process—the thoughts and the conversations happening during the cigar smoking. One could interpret, as individuals, we would always try to toast the foot as best one could, we’d check the draw to ensure the main burn went down evenly, and then we’d sit back and admire our work while enjoying the flavors from below the equator. These were the different steps along the cigar-puffing process, but the interesting part was the conversations and often the facisnating people we met along the way.For example, one of our memorable encounters was in India. A small group of us was smoking at our hotel and happened to spark up a stimulating conversation with a couple of gentlemen in the lobby cigar lounge. It turned out they were the chairman of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce, and one of the directors at the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (US FDA equivalent), respectively. It afforded us the opportunity to discuss and what it’s like doing business in India, and it almost led to an impromptu corporate visit.However, for the most part, we were just looking for ways to have some downtime and blow off steam from work, study, and life. Berlin, for example, was a time when everyone was burnt out from the previous term’s classes. So, early on in the residency, we all ended up at Newton’s, a small bar near our hotel. And there is nothing like being burnt out, in a new city, with some music and a few cigars and cocktails to get a group of students, program administrators, and faculty to let loose and bond.I’m grateful that Duke provided us with the opportunity to host these cigar sessions around the world. In the end, the great cigars we smoked in the Cigar Club were not defined just by their rich aromas and smooth flavors, but by the ambiance of their indulgence and the people with whom they were shared.
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2017	
		I've previously lived in Miami and am now located in Saudi Arabia, working as the...
Tarik |
 Tarik's 


Before starting the Global Executive MBA (GEMBA) program, the recurring advice I received was that much of your experience would be about the cohort and the network you build. This seemed it would be particularly true at Fuqua, given the strong team culture that permeates the experience.With some time to reflect, I can say that despite the long hours during our residencies and the intensity of the distance learning portion, the one constant of my MBA has been my smart, interesting, and diverse classmates. At Fuqua, your MBA cohort makes everything click.First, to ensure you bond with your class and can work with your team as a tight functioning unit, the program staff organizes team building and academic projects during the two weeks of the first residency. The activities range from a scavenger hunt around campus, to welcome dinners, to a day at the Triangle Training Center where you mix teambuilding challenges with reflections of what you’ll bring to the team and how you’ll maximize your contribution. Now two weeks doesn’t sound like a long time, but I found we started relying on one another pretty quickly, which is crucial as you head into the first distance learning period that begins after the residency.Which takes me to my second point—my new network. The GEMBA cohort has both breadth of geography and industry. They will do anything to help you advance in your career or take it in a new direction. At the end of Term 1, I had the opportunity to transition roles within my company and as part of this, I would be recruiting a new team from within. So, I reached out for advice from a classmate who had a similar experience. He gave me advice on how to build a coherent team identity and how best to share our objectives and team scope with my senior manager and peers. In successfully reaching out to my classmate, I realized that I’ll have access to a large network that can provide career contacts and networking advice long beyond graduation.Third, I’m not exaggerating when I say there is no backbiting or undercurrents of academic competitiveness between my classmates. Instead you tend to compete with yourself to get the most out of your MBA. But even when the realities of daily life take over—a work emergency, a sick child, or a cancelled flight—you know your team has your back which motivates you to work harder for them.Finally, I was surprised at how enjoyable it is to get to know your classmates during residencies. Besides cultural immersion activities and corporate visits, the program staff coordinates social events. In India we had a Diwali celebration, some impromptu cricket matches and shopping in Delhi. We’ve also gone clubbing, skydiving and can often be found relaxing over a great meal at local restaurants. You’re almost certain to find like-minded people who enjoy spending their free time as you do, which leads me to my last point. It’s amazing how quickly professional relationships and friendships have developed and how conversations easily move from business and academics to sports, music and families.The MBA cliché is that “your experience is what you make of it,” but in the case of GEMBA, I would argue it’s your cohort that makes the experience!
		Global Executive MBA, Class of 2017	
		I'm a member of the Global Executive MBA Class of 2017. I currently work as...
Phil |
 Phil's 


This blog was written prior to the Cross Continent MBA program merger with the Global Executive MBA program. Professional clubs in the program provide students with the opportunity to gain academic and industry knowledge in addition to career management skills around a particular professional area. These professional clubs are managed by students and supported by the Executive MBA programs staff and Career Management Center (CMC). We’ve been highlighting some of the Cross Continent MBA Class of 2017’s clubs, and next up it’s the Social Impact Club.Founded by Diane Pham (President) and Justine Bailey (Vice-President), the Social Impact Club is for those interested in a future career in corporate social responsibility (CSR) or those interested in learning about the socio-economic causes specific to the countries our class visits. Each residency, the club plans an event that examines the connections that business plays in future solutions to those issues.The first club activity was held during the Term 3 residency in Santiago, Chile, and consisted of a Kickstarter campaign that raised funds for an organization based in Santiago called VE-Global. Specifically, the Social Impact Club was sponsoring the organization’s summer reading program because literacy is a significant issue facing Chileans. “Collectively, through the club and our classmates, we raised about $1,000 USD,” said Diane Pham. “We also invited VE-Global to breakfast on our last morning in Santiago to give our classmates an opportunity to the program and other social issues pertaining to Chile.”Afterwards, VE-Global commended the club on the event’s success, during which they “had over 100 kids participate in the summer program and concluded it with an event held at a Parque Municipal. Delicious snacks including sandwiches, cake and delicious alfajores were provided and the children were very happy and excited with their new books, made possible by your direct efforts. It was a real recognition for their progress during the summer reading program.”All of the events put on by the Social Impact Club are determined by its members. “We start by reaching out to the group and seeing about the issues and causes that they care about in the country we are visiting,” said Justine Bailey. “Then we reach out to find any potential opportunities to make an impact.”In India, this presented the club with two opportunities. First, a connection through the CSR team at Deutsche Bank took a group on a guided tour through the slums in the Delhi Heart neighborhood. Additionally, the club also had a luncheon with the India CSR team from Honeywell and was able to their efforts in India.In Berlin, the club organized two walking tours of the city through the eyes and perspective of Syrian refugees. Students were able to learn about Berlin’s history and similarities found in Syrian history. More profoundly, they received an honest and eye-opening perspective of the Syrian refugee crisis from those who fled to Germany. During the tour, they dined on traditional Middle Eastern fare.Those are just a few examples of why members of the Social Impact Club are grateful for the opportunities it has provided them to learn how to make a social impact within their respective careers. 
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2017	
		I'm a recovering expat who is trying to elevate small talk to medium talk. A...
Brandon |
 Brandon's 


This blog was written prior to the Cross Continent MBA program merger with the Global Executive MBA program. Every year, the Duke Health Sector Management (HSM) program hosts Bootcamp, a week-long intensive course for Daytime and Executive MBA students. During this week, current and future health care leaders receive a comprehensive overview of the industry, from providers to insurers, to medical devices to innovation and venture capital. HSM Bootcamp includes lectures, corporate sponsors, case practices, industry expert speakers, and culminates in a consulting team assignment. By the end of the program, an HSM student can expect to walk away with a unique understanding of the U.S. health care industry, valuable contacts with corporate sponsors and thought leaders, and many like-minded colleagues and friends.Highlights of the week include the numerous corporate sponsor lunches, dinners, and case practices scattered throughout the curriculum. During HSM Bootcamp, we dined with Boston Scientific and Becton Dickinson (BD), attended receptions with Johnson & Johnson and Optum, and conducted case studies with Amgen and Medtronic. Key Takeaways:Bootcamp attendees are provided a critical understanding of the health care industry through academic lectures from top researchers and scientists. The overview provides Duke HSM students a beneficial ‘leg up’ within the health care profession. Key Takeaways:The relevant academic topics of the Bootcamp curriculum are bolstered by in-depth viewpoints from thought leaders and industry experts living and breathing and shaping the concepts. Thought leaders range from a variety of professions such as White House economists, physicians, medical device executives, population health experts, venture capitalists, and entrepreneurs in the health care space.Key Takeaways:The whirlwind week culminates in a group assignment. HSM students are assigned to a team of diverse and experienced current and future health care leaders. Within the Executive MBA class, we boast a neurosurgeon, eye surgeon, pediatrician, anesthesiologist, health care policy professional, consultants, medical device marketers, pharmaceutical executives, and health care administration professionals. The team project is to provide an analysis and recommendations for cost-cutting opportunities for several different health care corporations. HSM Bootcamp taught us that health care is an incredibly complex and fascinating animal. It consists of multiple sectors and stakeholders, with conflicting incentives, mindsets, standards of processes, and cultures. Bootcamp provides a definite advantage for students to explore the kaleidoscope of sectors, network with current and future health care leaders, and gain first-hand insight on corporations.An MBA advantage isn’t the ability to regurgitate buzzwords such as AI, Blockchain or Machine Learning. It’s to be able to think critically about where and how disruption will affect health care. A theme throughout the week is the idea of problems and solutions.Professor Barack Richman asks, “If you hear of a problem, a gap, or a limitation, what do you do in business school?” The answer: “You fix them.” Throughout your time as a student at Duke, keep an eye and an ear out for problems and gaps. What currently exists does not have to continue to exist. As a member of the Duke community, we are provided the resources, the knowledge, the insights, and the critical thinking to change our world, and change our system. If anyone is going to help fix the U.S. health care system, it will be the business leaders, the entrepreneurs, and the innovators among us.As Professor Ronnie Chatterji states, “Learn old war stories of what you can’t do. But learn new war stories of what you can.”
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2017	
		I started my career in health care at Northwestern's Feinberg School of Medicine, then moved...
Christina |
 Christina's 


If you have landed here you are probably interested in learning more about how you pursue an MBA while keeping a full-time job. You are likely also interested in what those options look like at Duke.But all of a sudden you are seeing this * symbol frequently on our website. You may be asking, “what’s up with that?” I’m writing to answer that question.At Duke we are never happy with the status quo. We are continually looking for ways to strengthen our programs to best educate business leaders who can thrive in today’s world. That means we are in constant conversation with students, alumni, and industry about how to evolve our programs to meet their needs.A few years ago, we started hearing from working professionals about how much they value flexibility in pursuing an MBA. Many of them were also telling us they highly value the greatest mix possible in the diversity of their cohort. That aligns with our strong belief in the importance of students learning from people who think very differently.Long story short—we started looking for ways to provide additional flexibility for students and recruit an even stronger mix of backgrounds, ages, experiences, and career stages.We decided to combine our two programs with international residencies into one, merging the popular format of our Cross Continent (CC) program with the more rigorous leadership curriculum of the Global Executive (GEMBA program). The new combined program is named Global Executive, which is why you are seeing * next to Cross Continent references.In addition, we made changes in format to our Weekend Executive program which in past years met in Durham twice a month. Residencies will continue to be based in Durham, but now students will attend one three-day in-person residency every month. We’ll still have classroom sessions every two weeks between the in-person residencies, but students will now have the option to participate virtually or in person.Both of the Global and Weekend programs will offer executive coaching for a fee.So now you may be wondering about whether you should be pursuing Global or Weekend. I’d say that decision really depends on what you hope to gain from the MBA experience and what best works for your lifestyle.Global has primarily international residencies, whereas the Weekend program is based in Durham. That is the biggest distinction between the two programs. The curriculum and admissions process is largely the same and you can expect an exceptionally talented cohort in either program.More information about both programs is here. And you can always reach out directly to us in Admissions. Our team is more than happy to answer your questions: including about the (*).
		Director of Recruitment, Executive MBA Programs	
		As director of admissions for Duke's Executive MBA Programs, I oversee the admissions team for...
Dan |
 Dan's 


This blog was written by a Cross Continent MBA student prior to the program’s merger with the Global Executive MBA program. Yes, and not just for the reasons you think. Going beyond business, it taught me some surprising life lessons.My classmates and I graduated a few months ago as proud MBAs. We kept our full-time jobs, studied as students both in-person and by distance, traveled to international residencies across five countries, and bonded over world adventures and 10,000-plus group text messages.When people ask if it was a good investment and what I learned, how can I describe the experience and the newfound wisdom? Reflecting back on the past two years, a Duke MBA is worth much more than a business degree as I learned some powerful life lessons.As adults, we tend to allow our day-to-day responsibilities overtake the younger carefree versions of ourselves. My best MBA experiences involved dancing with blisters, talking into odd hours of the night, traveling to new places, and watching sunrises. We don’t nearly live these moments often enough as we get older.As grown-ups, we often let pride stop us from asking for help because we feel like we should know better. But the reality is that no one knows what they’re doing. We’re all just trying to make good choices with the information we have. Like a business case study, there are no right answers in life. You take chances and make decisions on the incomplete data you have. And your younger self will be the inner voice that tells you to seek adventure, stop and laugh, and look fear in the face.Some classmates joined the Cross Continent MBA program because they had never left the country and wanted international exposure. For others, we chose this experience because it matched our lifestyles. We’re often labeled as “nomads” or “globetrotters,” never staying in a place more than a couple of years and buying as many one-way tickets as round-trips.In a bittersweet way, this means that we’ve become adept at saying goodbye. I went to graduation to close this chapter as I had every time other experiences ended. To my surprise, no one said goodbye that weekend. Perhaps the nature of the program got us used to coming together every few weeks and then working on virtual teams. There were no tears, just celebration and laughter. The hugs were normal hugs that you give someone at the end of the night or after a vacation. It was as if we knew we’d see each other again soon. It was refreshing. It was beautiful.I spent the better part of my adult life priding myself on being fiercely independent—living life on my own terms—but this experience has shown me how naïve I’ve been. Friends and family were always there even if it wasn’t obvious. Particularly for the past two years, I was never on my own. Dukies were always there. It was my classmates and their friends who helped me move apartments and climb 6,500-foot cliffs. They were there to attend my martial arts black belt ceremony. It was a Dukie I first called when my grandmother passed away.I was never alone and the Fuqua community was there even when I didn’t realize I needed people the most. They say an MBA is good networking for your career prospects, but I find the most valuable aspect is to have people in your corner when life doesn’t work out the way you planned. Because when you don’t get the dream job, when you’re disappointed, or when that unimaginable Thursday afternoon phone call comes, you realize that you’re never alone no matter how many miles away you may be.When I met my classmates, their professional and personal successes easily impressed me. However, I soon learned the raw tragedies that became a part of their stories. Sick parents, the death of loved ones, diseases, divorces, heartbreaks, the feeling of not being good enough or doing enough. In an MBA program, you get to see people holistically as the blurry lines between the professional and personal reveal accomplishments and personal battles. Though tragedies don’t define people, the scars are to be remembered and the comebacks to be admired.I find it ironic, but not coincidental that two of the hardest years of my life were also the best. I didn’t realize it then, but I spent the last two years experiencing the pain and the happiness of falling in love. With my classmates, with the experience, with life all over again with both its ups and downs.I recently took up surfing, and they say that you can never win against the ocean. Like life, you’ll often wipe out, but it’s worth it to catch that one perfect wave. I’ve learned to trust the experience and continue hustling. One moment, the world is crashing down on you, the next moment, you’re living and working near the beach with a sun-kissed tan. And that Duke MBA? It’s the best safety net there is.In her final essay, Marina Keegan wrote, “We don’t have a word for the opposite of loneliness, but if we did, I could say that’s what I want in life…It’s not quite love and it’s not quite community; it’s just this feeling that there are people, an abundance of people, who are in this together. Who are on your team.”A good MBA will teach business and management skills. A great MBA will provide you with a network of people to call on for anything. An extraordinary MBA, like the one I found at Fuqua, will empower you to become the best version of yourself and motivate you to help others on their journeys to better themselves.Sometimes I wished a did a full-time MBA program as I could have seen the people I loved every day. Then again, the s were jealous of us traveling the world with 100-plus friends while pulling in a professional salary. Everyone’s MBA experience will be different, but what I do know is that it’s an understatement when they welcome you into the Fuqua community. You’re joining a family, and you’re joining a tribe. And if you’re lucky like me, you’ll find love and the opposite of loneliness.
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2016	
		I live in Los Angeles as a product marketing manager for SonoSim, a health tech...
Krystina |
 Krystina's 


This blog was written by a Cross Continent MBA student prior to the program’s merger with the Global Executive MBA program. During Duke University’s intensive and internationally-focused Cross Continent MBA (CCMBA) program, you’ll travel to five unique locations.When the time comes for each residency, why not make the most out of the opportunity with an additional pre- or post-residency trip? Here is how we made the most out of a pre-residency trip when a group of us all stopped over in Dubai for a few days before our studies in New Delhi.I live in Saudi Arabia, so being from the region I took it upon myself to start planning the excursion for our group to make sure everyone got the most out of their UAE experience. I incorporated all sorts of activities which included cultural, social, and professional elements. There was also plenty of free time for us to explore Dubai on our own. I know from the stories that everyone took full advantage of being there together and did a lot of exploration.Since there were going to be almost 20 people in the group, I knew I was going to need some help organizing. So I recruited three generous and outgoing characters, pictured below. Hicham, a longtime Dubai resident and a very longtime friend of mine. Tania, another longtime Dubai resident and Hicham’s significant other. And Zeina, who was actually born and raised in Dubai and flew in from Beirut just to be with the group as a cultural translator. She also just happens to be my significant other. The three of them all took time off work and out of their lives to be a part of this trip, and I know we’re all really thankful for their help.I knew we had to have a kick-off meeting upon arrival to ensure all the plans were confirmed as my Fuqua classmates all began descending on Dubai. Poolside at the JW Marriott made the most sense with the arrival night dinner beginning later in the evening.Everyone arrived in Dubai more or less within a few hours of each other and made camp on the prestigious Jumeriah Beach Residences right on the main walk area. There was no shortage of things to do and see in that area from the awe-inspiring architecture to the luxury cars, yachts, and shops. We all met at Pier 7 on the Dubai Marina, which is a beautiful area to oversee the harbor and boardwalk. Everyone was able to catch up on each other’s lives since the last residency, while having a great dinner at Asia Asia.It’s interesting because even though that gap period in between residencies is only a short 10 weeks, everyone’s lives are so busy and constantly changing that there wasn’t a moment of silence even when all the food came out. It made me realize that as a group, even though we don’t go to school with each other daily on campus, we still maintain a very close bond. We visited and explored Dubai’s old markets and visited some of their historic sights. We opted to take the dhow river boat over to the Deira Old Souk to visit the spice souk and the gold souk.Lily Eyraud and Julia Curry were all amped up and excited to conquer the old markets after having a great lunch right on the Dubai Creek canal. Even though we had an important term coming up and everyone still had their careers back home to manage, there was always time to enjoy a nice sunset. Here Matt is taking a moment.You never know what you’re going to come across during your travels in the CCMBA program. For a few members of the group who went jet skiing in the morning on the Arabian Gulf, they came across camels just trying to get their tan on.For others like Diane Pham, visiting the local Laduree’s of the world satisfies her sweet tooth is just one of the small travel challenges she sets for herself. I have to admit, Laduree does make some tasty desserts.And for all of us, growing our bond and friendships really added to the beauty of the trip. These are lifetime friendships we’re cementing throughout this MBA program.Having lunch at the restaurant Atmosphere, 150-plus stories up at the top of Burj Khalifa, was an exciting experience. It’s not everyday you have the opportunity to have lunch in the tallest building in the world.Others chose to explore Burj Khalifa from the bottom looking up and around the fountains. It’s incredibly important not to fall behind on pre-term residency work. So we didn’t forget to study and complete all of the pre-reading for each course. What better way to study than over some traditional Arabic coffee and hookah at one of Dubai’s traditional cafes?We had amazing meals throughout our entire time in Dubai and shared many unique experiences together over food.When setting up corporate visits, I wanted my classmates to get an on-the-ground perspective from a wide variety of resources. The U.S. Consulate was our first stop, and we learned all about what it’s like to setup, operate, and create a sustainable business in the UAE.We then set off to visit General Electric’s newly built, state-of-art, Oil & Gas facility in the JAFZA area. We learned about how GE selects and analyzes their new and emerging markets of interest where high volatility is present and must be navigated very cautiously. Afterwards, we had a guided tour of their Oil & Gas manufacturing facility.One of our most interesting visits was the Dubai Future Accelerators (DFA). The DFA is a unique opportunity for technology companies to gain unparalleled access to the staff, resources and expertise of Dubai’s government entities. This makes the aim of the DFA to provide a dynamic environment where companies can explore new opportunities to deliver transformative technologies and services.I also couldn’t have my classmates visit Dubai without a first-class Bedouin experience in the desert. Platinum-Heritage scheduled a full  day of activities on one of Dubai’s only wildlife conservation reserves. By the end, many of us could have been content just camping out under the stars.We then took a casual drive through the desert in these beautiful antique 1950s Land Rover Defenders back to the Bedouin camp area for dinner, hookah, music, and stargazing. We learned about life in the desert and what it was like to survive and thrive before Dubai became what it is today.Our little oasis in the desert was fully-loaded with an amazing dinner, traditional coffees and teas, hookah, dates, music, camels, falcons, and a special performance detailing how the Arabian dancers would perform the traditional “hair dance.”Lily and Christina Warner decided to take the camels out for spin, while others like Andrew Ness were trying out the little luxuries of Bedouin life.All-in-all we really had such a great time in the desert taking in all the sights and experiences that traditional Emirati culture had to offer.In summary, even though the program has its demanding requirements, don’t forget to make time for yourselves before and after the residencies. The academics are the primary piece of the program, however the relationships and experiences are the major secondary elements. To be a great leader, you must invest time and energy into the relationships that you build with your team members. These pre- and post-residency trips are exactly the time where you can take advantage of this. I can say confidently that after attending a few of these trips, all parties involved realize pretty quickly how powerful the interactions were for learning outside of our own limited knowledge and experience.With that, I wish you the best of luck and safe travels on your journeys!
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2017	
		I've previously lived in Miami and am now located in Saudi Arabia, working as the...
Tarik |
 Tarik's 


This blog was written by a Cross Continent MBA student prior to the program’s merger with the Global Executive MBA program. Duke’s Fuqua School of Business offers a unique program for those interested in health care—the Health Sector Management (HSM) Certificate. The HSM Certificate supplements the MBA curriculum with additional courses in health care to prepare students for management and leadership roles in a variety of health sectors, such as medical device, consulting, banking, pharmaceutical, venture capital, biotechnology, entrepreneurial, and health systems.One question I am often asked is “How does the Cross Continent MBA incorporate the HSM concentration?”HSM elements are integrated into the residencies as corporate visits to healthcare organizations, alumni lunches, guest speaker presentations and cultural excursions. It is with great pleasure to share with you a few of the organizations we have visited, some of the fascinating alumni we have met, and the various health care systems we have learned about thus far.Corporate Visit:  Set in the busy, bustling streets of Shanghai is the Medtronic Shanghai Innovation Center. The center works in close collaboration with Medtronic’s global research and development departments, local research institutes and universities, and Chinese medical professionals.The corporate tour was organized by fellow classmate and friend, Eric Zhang, the regional sales manager at Medtronic Shanghai.Key Takeaways:Cultural Excursion:We had the opportunity to visit two contrasting facilities in Santiago—a private hospital and a top University Healthcare Clinic.  The private hospital was extremely modern, beautiful, and had state of the art facilities. The vast majority of its patient population were expatriates. The University Healthcare Clinic facilities were older, and the majority of its patient population were locals Chileans.Alumni Dinner:We dined at a local Chilean steakhouse with an alumnus in the health care industry, José Tomás Robinson,  ’14. Jose is the deputy CFO at Banmédica S.A, a health services provider and health insurance company with a presence in Chile, Colombia, and Peru. Over a meal of delicious steaks and wine, we learned about the company’s organization, the different sectors, and how health insurance operates in Chile. Key Takeaways:Corporate Visits:In India, one of our corporate visits was to Operation ASHA, a Non-Government Organization (NGO). ASHA is dedicated to bringing tuberculosis treatment and services to the poor in India’s rural villages and urban slums. It’s the world’s largest NGO in disease treatment and prevention, boasting 4,000 treatment centers in India’s urban slums and villages as well as a presence in Cambodia. On this excursion, CCMBA students visited one of the treatment clinics in New Delhi’s urban slum, followed by a tour of ASHA headquarters.Key Takeaways:Guest Speaker Presentation:On one of our last days in India, Abhishek Anand, principal of Healthcare and Life Sciences at Korn Ferry, gave a presentation to our class. Anand provided crucial background insights on the health care in India, as well as shared recommendations and advice on doing business in India. For example, India spends about $200 million in healthcare for a population of 1.4 billion. In contrast, the U.S. spends about $3 trillion in healthcare for a population of 300 million. In India, roughly 75 percent of the population does not have health insurance, less than 1 percent of physicians are accredited, and there is a bed capacity gap of 2 million.Key Takeaways:Thanks to our classmates, professors, and staff, we’re able to incorporate strong health care educational components during our academic travels. Whether it’s because of cultural excursions, corporate visits, or alumni dinners, the benefits of the Health Sector Management program are enhanced through the international residencies. Students gain exposure to different health care systems unique to each country, learn the cultural mindset and local political influence of healthcare, understand how to conduct business in each region, and gain knowledge into a broad range of health care organizations, from NGOs to Fortune 500 companies, and consulting firms to medical device corporations. And for the cherry on top, we can connect with alumni all over the world within the health care sector and learn about the unique challenges and unmet needs in each country.As Matthew Karsten, a popular travel blogger states, “Investment in travel is an investment in yourself.”
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2017	
		I started my career in health care at Northwestern's Feinberg School of Medicine, then moved...
Christina |
 Christina's 


This blog was written by a Cross Continent MBA student prior to the program’s merger with the Global Executive MBA program. If you have doubts about the effectiveness of student clubs within the Cross Continent MBA (CCMBA) program, you’d be wrong. While the entire cohort only comes together every 10 weeks when class residencies occur, the clubs still remain very active and very connected throughout the program. They provide an integral part of our student experience at Duke, creating forums for discussion, opportunities for leadership, and an environment that fosters business skills through workshops and consulting engagements.Unlike our associates in the Fuqua’s  program—whose format allows for year-over-year continuity within clubs—each CCMBA cohort must demonstrate entrepreneurial skills and kick start their clubs from scratch. For that reason, we don’t fully establish the clubs until the end of our second term. To get things started during our first term, we use OrgSync, an effective campus engagement networking tool, to tap into Duke University’s robust network. It allows us to connect and collaborate directly with the other on-campus university clubs, which in turn makes disseminating important information and updates a lot easier.Officers: James Schulze, Jing Ling, David OkuwobiThe Fuqua CCMBA Consulting Club is a student-led organization that is one of several very active clubs within our program. Approximately 20 percent of our cohort are participating members. The club provides an excellent platform for individuals to learn key concepts about the latest practices in the consulting field. This is ideal for business students who are looking to transition into consulting as it provides a way to practice essential skills for consulting and provides access to leading consultants in the business. Classmates like Mike Ellerhorst, a manager at PricewaterhouseCooper (PwC) for eight years, Liz Kitto, a manager at KPMG for six years, and Andrew Ness, a senior associate at PwC for four years, all contribute to the overall experience and knowledge shared in the club.During our term three residency in sunny Santiago, Chile, the Consulting Club hosted several events. These included an informational luncheon with a panel of experienced current student consultants and two other case preparation workshops which covered best casing practices, interview tips, and uncut industry advice and perspectives.The panel of consultants fielded numerous questions from business students looking to make the transition into consulting and helped navigate the pitfalls in the industry and set expectations. Panelists reflected deeply about what characteristics are essential to being a consultant. These included: working out of your comfort zone, having a high degree of intellectual curiosity and non-linear thinking, being able to very effectively and concisely communicate, and most importantly being a good team player.The consulting club offers students hands-on learning through workshops and creative sessions. Already in the pipeline of future activities are several case-prepping sessions, interview strategy workshops, virtual sessions with big three consulting companies, and the establishment of a mentor panel which is a coalition of current student consultants from our cohort.Through the club, members learn a mix of human-centered and business-focused approaches, which are management strategies to develop solutions to problems for businesses during the various steps of the problem-solving process. The framework is critical to grasp when you prepare and train for casing. Consulting firms want to see that you can analyze information, structure an answer, and perform basic calculations with large numbers while under pressure.When you are at a job interview at a top global firm—most likely seeking a role you’ve worked very hard towards for a large part of your life—the pressure is on. The objective of the case interview is not to get it right. In fact, there is often no right answer. Instead it’s designed for you to demonstrate your ability to solve complex problems and to show the interviewer how you think. The interviewer wants to see you as a colleague he or she would want to work with in an engagement team. Case interviews are generally very interactive as you ask questions, seek clarification, and bounce ideas off your interviewer.The Consulting Club is extremely beneficial. It’s a prime example that beyond the leading MBA program that Fuqua offers and beyond the leading expertise that the Career Management Center provides, there is a wealth of peer-to-peer support that results in a level of preparation that I believe is second to none. Like I mentioned when explaining why I chose Fuqua, our school’s community has a strong culture of collaborative leadership. We’re a family, and our family is always willing to help.“The CCMBA consulting club closely emulates the actual consulting experience. Everyone lives in different places and comes together to solve difficult problems. In this case, the challenge is preparing each other for the recruiting process. We mutually support and challenge each other through a common experience—like a true consulting team.” – Andrew Ness ‘17“The distance part is the biggest challenge—we are continuously finding creative ways to engage and sharpen each other remotely. We’re all learning. That being said, it’s not as much about having all of the answers right now as it is about the members of the CCMBA Consulting Club growing, learning together, finding those answers, and meeting up virtually from all parts of the world to share our resources. The group so far has focused on this mutually inclusive success mindset.” – Daniel Khoroshanshy ‘17“What makes the CCMBA experience so unique and enjoyable is that during residencies, we are able to meet with and hear from consultants working in offices across the world through alumni lunches and lectures. In this way, we can understand the consulting profession in a truly global context.” – Everett Lozzi ‘17
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2017	
		I've previously lived in Miami and am now located in Saudi Arabia, working as the...
Tarik |
 Tarik's 


This blog was written prior to the Cross Continent MBA program merger with the Global Executive MBA program. Professional clubs in the Cross Continent MBA program provide students with the opportunity to gain academic and industry knowledge in addition to career management skills around a particular professional area. These professional clubs are managed by students and supported by the programs staff and Career Management Center (CMC). So far we’ve highlighted the Cross Continent MBA Class of 2017’s Energy Club and Consulting Club and next up is the Women in Business Club.Fuqua alumna Melinda Gates once said, “A woman with a voice is by definition a strong woman. But the search to find that voice can be remarkably difficult.” The Women in Business Club—and its leadership board of Melissa Bernhal, Christina Fazzano, Ashley Previs and Cynthia Yu—has an active membership of 15 students with a diversity of industry backgrounds and have cultivated a strong voice and an enduring presence among our cohort’s clubs.“We are looking to have open conversations of what everyone is experiencing in our respective workplaces and industries,” said Melissa Bernhal. “It’s important for everyone involved with the club, whether women or men, to be able to have a safe space to talk about our challenges and successes in the workplace.”Aside from their meetings and availability during the distance learning period in between each class residency, the group has been one of the most active in planning events during residencies. While in Shanghai for term two, the club had a luncheon and Q&A with Ashley Liu, Cross Continent MBA ’03 and CEO of Mindwalk Studios, a graphics and computer animation studio in Beijing. Ms. Liu spoke about how she built her company from the ground up while navigating the male dominated computer engineering industry. “She was an inspiring woman,” said Christina Fazzano. “To be as open and honest as she was with us about her path, and her experiences across North America, Asia, and Europe, after just meeting us. It’s one of the best things about Fuqua, being exposed to such positive women leaders.” During the term three residency in Santiago, Chile, the Women in Business Club took their group event outdoors, to the nearby country club for golf lessons. “Golf is social, it rewards players who stay calm under pressure, and there is a lot of time on the course that is not spent hitting a shot, so it tells the people you are playing with a lot about who you are,” said Christina Fazzano.“It’s an integral part of the business world, and by having a group lesson we can have some fun, and those who play more frequently can help others improve or learn to play for the first time,” added Melissa Bernhal. The club plans to continue their residency events in India by traveling together to get custom saris made and dive deeper into Indian culture and how it has been changing. To them, it’s all about having the conversations and learning from the other members any way they can. “The club is not women only, that is not the intent,” said Christina Fazzano. “It’s a club for women and men to be able to have discussions about our work, what we’ve experienced, and have some fun in the process.”Success seems to come naturally to the accomplished women in our class, so it’s no surprise the Women in Business club has also been a huge success. 
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2017	
		I'm a recovering expat who is trying to elevate small talk to medium talk. A...
Brandon |
 Brandon's 


This blog was written prior to the Cross Continent MBA program merger with the Global Executive MBA program. College is a time of exploration. Most people have four years (for those in undergrad, the clock is ticking y’all). Some people though, decide that four years are just simply not enough.Let’s be honest, applying to grad school is not an easy decision, as you can see there is a lot to consider when choosing whether to join Fuqua or not. But I’m just going to assume you all made the right decision and now are wondering WHAT CAN I LOOK FORWARD TO?!?!Here is my subjective list of the best things to do while in the Cross Continent MBA (CCMBA) program.Clothing, technology, entertainment, travel, insurance. The list never ends, nor should it. As a Fuqua student for the next two years, live it up with discounts on anything or everything you may need.Networking in undergrad: “OMG, love your Halloween costume.” Networking in the CCMBA program: “Yeah, I thought in his speech the head of LVMH Group made some fascinating points about the luxury goods market in China.”Dr. Seuss once wrote: “Oh, the places you’ll go!” Well, in the CCMBA program you will plant your feet on four continents and can experience some amazing things, often with the best guides around—your classmates local to that region. So, get out and explore the local side of things.You can sleep again in two years.The program will push you. Add onto that work and family commitments, and it’s easy to be overwhelmed. So enjoy some ‘you’ time during the residencies and whenever you have the chance. You’ve earned it.Fuqua allows all students to create and get involved in clubs of their choosing. Interested in joining the Energy Club? Fuqua’s got it. Women in Business? Fuqua’s got that too. Entrepreneurship Club? Cigar Club? Light one up, since whatever you dream, you can make it happen with like-minded students in your CCMBA class.There is a mechanical bull at this popular student bar in Durham that makes your brain feel as mushy as when Dr. Schipper cold calls you.#shamelessplug for the bookstore! But seriously, #godukeI mean, this is bound to happen right? Let’s not gloss over it. But executing under pressure is what MBA students and grads do best. So do it, and do it well.An incredible sight to behold and the New Delhi residency brings you within a few hours’ drive. There may be nothing better than walking the grounds with 50 of your closest friends.Fuqua has incredible resources, an extensive alumni network and a Career Management Center staff that is always there to help you. During your time in the program don’t be afraid to contact people outside of your class, they can be a tremendous resource for your time in the program and your career.And be the loudest voice in the stands.Take 100 classmates put them in 10 karaoke rooms with hot mics, Beyonce, Nirvana, ABBA or whatever their heart desires.Gain 15 pounds with all the delicious food provided at the residencies. Supplement that with the best street food in Asia and South America and fine dining in Europe, and you’ve got a culinary experience of a lifetime.With the mountains calling in the south of Chile, Macchu Picchu, Buenos Aires, etc., which adventure will you and your friends take?You will be classmates with roughly 100 of the most interesting, intelligent and accomplished people you will ever meet. Enjoy it. Embrace it. Learn everything you can from others, no matter what side of the aisle you are from, what god you worship, or where you are from. Chances are, you’ll make some amazing friends you wouldn’t have met otherwise.
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2017	
		I'm a recovering expat who is trying to elevate small talk to medium talk. A...
Brandon |
 Brandon's 


This blog was written by a Cross Continent MBA student prior to the program’s merger with the Global Executive MBA program. I have never questioned if I should complete an MBA, it was merely a matter of when and where it would take place.Like most people who have a tendency to be overly organized, I began the process by completing an exhaustive list comparing universities and their programs to my interests and objectives. This was particularly challenging for me considering that I live and work in Saudi Arabia. I was looking for MBA programs that would accommodate the fact that I would not be able to quit my full-time job. However, I did not want a program that was fully delivered online. It was important to find a program that would be comprehensive and robust enough for me to get a meaningful education and experience—a program that would not be just another ‘check-the-box’ degree.“Education is learning what you didn’t even know you didn’t know.” – Daniel J. Boorstin, HistorianI went through the exercise of comparing university programs from all over the world, and I quickly learned something. If I wanted to visualize myself in a program, I would need to hear firsthand accounts from students who had gone through it themselves. Rankings were definitely a factor, as I wanted to be in a university that carried significant credibility through its reputation. After all, whether we choose to admit it or not, the prestige of graduating from certain universities carries significant weight for future career endeavors.However, that doesn’t measure student satisfaction or quantify what my experience as a student would be. Statistics from rankings, citations, publications, and institutional income are unable to reflect the broader picture of how I might fair in a particular university, and what my educational experience as a whole might be like. Additionally, program courses, curricula, and professor profiles that I investigated were also, as expected, superior yet relatively similar across the schools.Duke University became my first-choice school among several ranked universities to which I was accepted. One of the unique and distinguished factors that set Duke apart from the rest was The Fuqua School of Business and its Cross Continent MBA program (CCMBA). This accelerated full-time MBA program is one of the most internationally-focused offered by a U.S. school, taking students to five different global cities during the program.In your research, you’re going to come across a colossal amount of information that you’ll need to interpret and analyze to make one of the biggest decisions of your life. In considering this major financial, time, and personal commitment, I want to leave you with a few considerations that were major parts of my decision-making process. These are three factors that now, almost halfway through the CCMBA program, I can speak on very confidently.This program has been a place where I have had the opportunity to meet very smart and well-rounded young men and women who are some of the most motivated and accomplished individuals from all around the world. These individuals excel in their workplace and also in the classroom—which is only to be expected at an academically challenging university like Duke where there is a high degree of pressure to achieve.However, while my cohort is highly competitive and strives to earn top marks, we are not cutthroat in doing so. Students remain immensely helpful to one another and understand that working as a team carries much more value than working independently. This competitive and yet collaborative atmosphere is conducive to learning at the highest degree.Duke wants to produce graduates “who can drink champagne with the rich and famous and can drink chai with those who that’s all they can afford.” – Blair Sheppard, Former Fuqua DeanIn your research on Fuqua, you’ll come across “Team Fuqua” dozens of times. Anyone that has been through the program will vouch that Team Fuqua is not just how we refer to ourselves as a community, or a cheesy marketing strategy—it is a philosophy and a way of working together that we all follow.It’s based on six fundamental principles, each of which are built into all components of student life and curricula at Fuqua, creating a culture that you carry with you even after graduation. If you have not read or do not know of these principles, read them. They are one of the top three reasons why I enrolled.“Each member of any team is selected for his or her specific attributes and capabilities. I like to think of each as a separate finger on the fist. Any one individually is important. But all of them together are unbeatable.” – Mike Krzyzewski, Duke Men’s Basketball Coach The culture of teams and collaborative leadership at Fuqua is one of the most distinct features of the school’s degree programs. In most universities, students are taught to be independent and work for his or her own success. That can lead to cutthroat instincts, yet as soon as we’re let into the professional world we’re told to work in teams to accomplish a mutual goal.Instead, abiding by the Team Fuqua principles means that you can become a leader of true consequence. Dean Bill Boulding defines this kind of leadership well by saying that you must “have a sense of purpose to make a difference in the lives of others; engage across barriers to create collaboration and innovation; do not take positions on issues through the lens of simplistic and narrow self-interest, and be a global citizen.”My tenure as a Blue Devil is not just for the 17 months that I am enrolled at the university, it is for a lifetime. The Duke alumni network is ranked as one of the best in the world. During my MBA search, I was able to connect with several alumni over LinkedIn and other social media platforms and those interactions confirmed my feelings that Duke should be my alma mater. Even today in the program I continuously see the power of the Duke network. For example, just within the CCMBA program you’ll meet and interact with several alumni during each class residency.Joe Chien, managing director of Blackstone China and a Duke alumnus, said at the beginning of his talk with our cohort in Shanghai that he values being able to give back to the Duke community and stay involved. To be able to seek advice and guidance from such an accomplished individual is invaluable, and the open-door sessions like the one with Joe make it very comfortable to approach alumni and to collaborate on opportunities or exchange information. How Duke alumni disseminate valuable information is worthy of an entire blog itself.Whether you’re looking to move forward in your career or begin a new one, targeting and growing a network is crucial, and the alumni network that Duke University fosters is an especially effective one. It will increase your chances of developing the right opportunities for yourself, while maintaining lifelong friendships.“The richest people in the world look for and build networks. Everyone else looks for work.” – Robert Kiyosaki, AuthorIn closing, if you’re considering Fuqua’s CCMBA program, then you’ve probably already decided that you don’t want to quit your full-time job, that you want to have the classroom face-to-face experience, and that you’d like to have virtually no free time for 17 months while you take on one of the most challenging, but rewarding educational experiences of your life. I salute you.
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2017	
		I've previously lived in Miami and am now located in Saudi Arabia, working as the...
Tarik |
 Tarik's 


This blog was written by a Cross Continent MBA student prior to the program’s merger with the Global Executive MBA program. Professional clubs in the Cross Continent MBA program provide students with the opportunity to gain academic and industry knowledge in addition to career management skills around a particular professional area. These professional clubs are managed by students and supported by the program staff and Career Management Center (CMC).Each new class might generate a slightly different mix of clubs based on the interest of those students. I plan to highlight several of the ones from my Cross Continent MBA Class of 2017— starting with the Energy Club.Fuqua students really burn the midnight oil. Not a fan of energy puns? Turn back now. The Energy Club and its leadership board of Michael Gold, Greg Marsh, Andrew Sparks, and Callum Thomas have grown club membership within a term to 18 students with a diversity of backgrounds—from petroleum engineering and geology, to tech and finance.While in Shanghai for the Term 2 residency, the club scheduled a visit with Alex Soher, CEO of Seeder Energy. A rooftop solar panel startup, Seeder Energy takes advantage of government subsidies, long-term cost savings, and grid buybacks (when the customer generates more electricity from solar than they use and can feed back into the grid) to provide value to its clients in China.Soher spoke of “the uncertainty of future regulations and the importance of building relationships so customers would feel comfortable making these significant capital investments with a foreigner in China.” A wise man knows what’s watt, Soher provided the club the information they were seeking.“What is really exciting about the Energy Club,” Callum Thomas said, “is that we have a diverse range of interests, not just oil and gas, but rather renewables and new technologies.” This sentiment was echoed by co-founder Greg Marsh who hopes to, throughout the residencies, “get a 360-degree view of the energy industry to discover all the opportunities that may exist.”The club plans to have at least one event per residency and an additional event during each distance portion. “We hope to include a diverse set of speakers and site visits that pertain to each residency location,” Andrew Sparks said, “including government employees, corporate visits and entrepreneurs in the sector. We want to see renewables, fossil fuels, and governments represented, and during distance we can hopefully get guest speakers to present to the club members via WebEx.”Several club members expressed their excitement for gaining a deeper understanding of energy policies and climate change agreements. Chinwuba Okonkwo—who in his job has been responsible for overseeing the construction of many industrial facilities—is excited for the conversations that happen in the day to day. “I’m excited to better understand and discuss the Paris Climate Change Agreement and how it will impact energy policies of developed nations and emerging markets, supply chain and capital projects.”For someone like myself who’s background is not in energy, all their enthusiasm and planning made like wind energy and blew me away. The Cross Continent MBA Energy Club is always accepting new members for those in our class who are interested, so there is no better time than now to be a fan. Wind power pun intended.
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2017	
		I'm a recovering expat who is trying to elevate small talk to medium talk. A...
Brandon |
 Brandon's 


This blog was written by a Cross Continent MBA alumna prior to the program’s merger with the Global Executive MBA program. Now that I have the job with Boston Consulting Group (BCG), what’s it like? It’s actually really similar to the Cross Continent MBA (CCMBA) program: the travel, the international projects and teams, the (occasional) long nights solving complicated problems, wondering where to even start. The difference: at BCG, you’re solving real problems for real clients. And that makes the pressure that much bigger.It’s insane how steep the learning curve is. You don’t believe it until you live it. One of the first things I realized when I started at BCG is the way people count their tenure—the same way you count the age of a baby.As I write this, it marks my eighth week at BCG. When I hit week 13, I’ll start counting in months. And finally, when I’ve reached 24 months, I’ll start counting in years. There is a reason people say that in one year of consulting you learn easily as much as in three to four years of industry work.In three projects at BCG, I’ve worked on boosting sales at an industrial goods company, performing seller due diligence and identifying reinvestment options for a consumer goods company, and defining the 2030 strategy of an insurance company. Each of those projects ended with the client commenting on how pleased they were at how fast we were able to understand their business. The CCMBA prepared me well to learn entirely foreign material quickly in short periods of time (think Accounting class during the first term), and BCG is now giving me every opportunity to practice the same.My undergraduate degree is in engineering. Two years ago I’d have had trouble following a conversation about ROI, credit lines, or Porter’s Five Forces. There is a reason why as an MBA, you join the firms at a higher level than people with another type of Masters or even a PhD.The combination of what I learned during the program and my years of experience ‘in the industry’ is invaluable. My industry experience working in a large multinational organization means I understand the clients, their politics, their problems, and their needs. I even understand a thing or two about industrial goods production, sales, and engineering. But regardless of where you’ve worked, you’ll find aspects of it that will come in handy when you’re in consulting.Then there is the lifestyle. If you look forward to the excitement of a CCMBA residency, and wish that every week could be the same (OK maybe fewer week nights out on the town, and less work on weekends), then being a consultant is the gig for you. In my first eight weeks at BCG, I spent two in New York, one in Frankfurt, one in Munich, and four in Geneva. After that it was on to the Middle East.Where will I be four weeks from now? I’m not quite sure yet, but that’s part of the beauty of the job. I’ve already reached Starwood Preferred Guest gold membership status, and I’m pretty sure I’ll be paying for my next vacation with miles and points.
		Cross Continent MBA, Class of 2015	
		I've lived in Belgium, Germany, the US, Austria and now in Switzerland. I started as an engineer at Bombardier Transportation and since have moved into a sales role. I love cheese and chocolate and burn off those calories by running, biking and swimming. 	
Coralie |
 Coralie's 


While important lessons are learned inside the classroom walls at Fuqua, a significant portion of an MBA’s value comes from the people who walk through the door each day. Gaining access to the vast Fuqua and Duke alumni network is one of the most important benefits of my degree and you would be selling yourself short if you did not take advantage of the networking opportunities both during and after the program. However, many people have an outdated view of networking. It’s not a rolodex full of business cards anymore, nor is it growing your total number of LinkedIn connections. Rather, networking has become a complicated array of interactions through a variety of mediums.Networking opportunities have been woven into my time at Fuqua in many different ways. Here are just five examples of how I’ve taken advantage of them and built my professional network over the last 18 months:1) Intraclass networking opportunities: One of the most important resources that I gained with my MBA was the 90 people sitting beside me every other weekend. Our class took a very proactive approach to professional networking, setting up a formal classmate networking and career help session—an open forum where anyone could speak to the class about his career goals, the types of opportunities she was seeking or simply ask for advice. Attendees posed questions and gave recommendations, offering to follow up with contacts if appropriate. I personally made a connection through one of these sessions and also helped a classmate earn an interview with one of my previous firms.2) Interclass networking opportunities: During our Term 6 residency, our Weekend Executive (WEMBA) class combined with the Cross Continent MBA (CCMBA) class and we were able to choose our own electives based on upon individual interests. Being surrounded by new classmates presented an opportunity to expand my network internationally since many students in the CCMBA class currently live and work outside the United States. Throughout the two week residency, there were a number of social events that fostered introductions, including a concert in downtown Durham, happy hours after class and coming together for the Duke Basketball experience.3) Leveraging student assignments: Although still working full time, utilizing my status as a student has enabled more than just student discounts. For example, another way I expanded my network was through an assignment for my entrepreneurship course. I had to interview a local entrepreneur, and I took this opportunity to reach out to a company that I have been interested in and connected with one of their top executives. I’ve found that local professionals are very open to giving MBA students some of their time to discuss their experience. Using my assignment as an “in” was a great way to approach valuable professional connections without the pressure of seeking a job.4) Admissions and alumni events: These events are more than just free food and beverages. To my benefit, a number of them are held in Charlotte and I have made it a point to attend as many as I can. The admissions luncheons are run as an open discussion in which alumni and current students share their Fuqua experience with prospective students. The benefits are twofold—I have a chance to convince others to take the leap and enroll, thereby becoming part of the Fuqua network and I also get a chance to get to know other local alumni. In addition to admissions sessions, local alumni events provide a great forum for reaching out and finding ways to get involved with fellow Fuqua alums.5) Social networking: Not to be forgotten is the informal side of networking. Building your core network, with people who will take your call and put in a good word for you, is critical. Many of these relationships have been built over residency weekends, during a drink after class or a group workout in the early morning hours. I’ve also made it a point to sit with different classmates at meals and get to know those that I haven’t interacted with as frequently. I’m happy to say that I now consider my fellow WEMBA classmates some of my closest relationships, both personally and professionally.With so many opportunities, networking through Fuqua has been extremely enjoyable, enlightening and beneficial to my career development and I look forward to further building my network with fellow Fuquans in the future.
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2014	
		My background is in finance, where I've spent time in investment banking and private equity. I now work in Charlotte at Babcock & Wilcox focusing on mergers and acquisitions. I'm an avid runner and enjoy training for marathons with my husband, even amidst the busy Weekend MBA schedule.	
Valerie |
 Valerie's 


I’m at the same age as the average person in our class, which means I have been out of school for about 15 years. That’s a long time.The 2 things I specifically remember from my college days are the fun I had with friends and the anxiety caused by exams, which I call ‘exam fever.’ While there is plenty of the former here at Fuqua, I will focus on my experience with the latter.One of my considerations before beginning an MBA was whether or not I still have the ability to get into exam mode and pass a tough course at a competitive school like Fuqua. I had self-doubt, wondering if the money and time I would commit to this program would only result in me getting an ‘F’ in an exam and being shown the door.In my past school life, I had no other responsibilities apart from studies (and of course maximizing my time at the college cafeteria). Now with an MBA, I would have to balance my family, job, and social life with school. That weighed heavy in the back of my mind, but regardless I decided to take the plunge and enrolled in the Weekend Executive MBA program.I passed the first term, which in some ways could be considered a ‘warm up’ for the rest of program. By the end of the second term, having gone through multiple assignments, quizzes and mid-terms, I could safely say that I was over the anxiety of going back to college. How did it change so dramatically in just a span of a few months? The answer lies in what I think makes this program so special and distinguished.I believe the courses are designed to provide us with tools we can use and to encourage learning, more than simply memorizing material for an exam. I think there is huge benefit when you’re able to study to learn rather than study to merely pass an exam. None of the exams so far have been a memorization competition, but instead focus on how well we can apply concepts developed in the class.Make no mistake though, the topics taught in the class are very complex and someone could fail. But in my opinion you would have to be very disengaged during the coursework to do so. The classroom discussion is the most important piece that enables relevant learning, therefore being attentive and active plays an important role. Class discussions are extended online in between our residencies, and they play a vital role in expanding our perspective.The pace of the course is very fast and therefore it’s easy to fall behind. But thanks to the availability of professors after class and personal & prompt attention to our questions via email, phone, and personal meetings, there is help available to master the concepts. And your classmates can help too—for example the CPAs in the class helping others with accounting.My experience at Fuqua has been very different from my previous colleges as I finally feel free from exam fever. Kudos to the designers of the course, the program facilitators, and the faculty who have successfully made learning the center of the whole program rather than grade competition. The threat of failing is no longer the driver of education, but instead it’s the thirst for learning.To summarize, the keys to being successful in exams at Fuqua are:
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2016	
		Current Role I currently work as lead development manager for a large not for profit...
Parijat |
 Parijat's 


Have you been struck from out of the blue? Well I have.One fine day in January 2014, I was contemplating my future and suddenly a thought struck me. I realized that I was relying on very slow incremental growth, which was not enough. My technical graduate degree had boosted my career thus far, but now I needed new thrusters to go further.That day I decided to broaden my horizon. The best way to do this was to go to business school, even if it meant I had to take the GMAT after a long 20-year hiatus from college.I wanted to continue my 15-year specialization in the field of health care, go to the best business school, study under the best faculty, and be in midst of the smartest brains. Duke’s Weekend Executive MBA was the logical choice. I applied in December 2014 was very thrilled to receive the admission call from Krystin Fleming in early January, while I was away in India. I am very proud and humbled to be part of Duke—and I still have that voicemail!If you are reading his blog, you’re likely a prospective MBA student with the same thirst—to do something even greater in life. Be bold and go pursue your dreams. Everything is possible if you have the desire. After all, if you don’t invest in yourself, who will?
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2016	
		I'm originally from India—the south Indian state of Tamil Nadu to be precise—and came to...
Sri |
 Sri's 


Our road to success started this past January, when Craig was reading the weekly newsletter from Fuqua’s Asset Management Club and saw an announcement for a high-yield credit competition hosted by UCLA’s Anderson School of Management and the Fink Center for Finance and Investment.The competition attracted teams from top schools across the country, including Columbia, Northwestern, MIT and UC Berkeley, Michigan, Carnegie Mellon, NYU and UCLA. The first of its two phases consisted of building and managing a U.S. High Yield Corporate Bond portfolio using $100,000 of ‘paper money,’ with the goal of maximizing the portfolio’s total return over a 12-week period. During the second phase, teams would travel to Los Angeles at the conclusion of the portfolio competition to pitch a specific bond trade to a panel of distinguished investment management professionals, including representatives from DoubleLine Capital, TCW, Ares Management, and Hotchkis & Wiley.Upon seeing the announcement, Craig immediately knew he wanted to compete and set out to recruit classmates. Brian, a CPA and experienced personal investor, joined him as did Nick, a credit research analyst, and Shinik, a commercial banker. “I knew we needed students who were familiar with the markets, could analyze corporate risk, and still tie in broader economic and political variables into investment decisions. Having met so many people in the Weekend Executive MBA cohort, I was able to assemble a team quickly and hit the ground running.” – CraigThe early stages of the competition were not without challenges. A rush to meet the registration deadline was quickly followed by an extensive planning session on how our team, consisting entirely of working professionals, would balance the additional workload of the competition with all the other school, work, family, and personal demands of being an executive MBA student. Embracing these challenges, we devised a strategy and assigned roles and responsibilities to each team member. The first task was to create an investment thesis that would establish the guiding principles for how the fund would invest and trade around its positions. This thesis (linked at the bottom of this post) articulated our team’s broad macroeconomic view, sectors we believed could outperform in the 12-week period, and how we would make allocation and trade decisions.Amidst the backdrop of a political roller coaster ride, volatility in the oil markets, pending health care legislation, and retail bloodshed, our team experienced its fair share of portfolio wins and losses across several sectors.“Given the short 3-month window for investing, we knew we needed to make some bold decisions. But there was always that constant battle between conventional portfolio theories you learn in school versus concentrated risk.” – BrianAt the conclusion of the portfolio management phase of the competition, our team portfolio posted a cumulative total return over the 12-week period of 4.2 percent, giving us the first place prize of $3,000. Our team beat the benchmark index (Barclays High Yield Total Return Index) by 2 percent and edged out the runner up team by 0.82 percent. We then traveled to Los Angeles for phase two—the trade pitch. “Squeezing in a 36 hour trip to L.A. two days before our first residency of Term 4 was a bit stressful but having built such great relationships within our team made for a fun trip. It was a rare opportunity to meet students from other full-time and Executive MBA programs and we walked away really impressed with the quality of the other competing teams as well as the panel of judges.” – ShinikFor the trade pitch, we took a somewhat unconventional route and argued for a ‘short’ position in the bonds issued by Frontier Communications Corp., a rural telecom provider. In doing so, we leveraged Nick’s experiences working as a buy-side telecom and cable analyst at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Although we did not win phase two, we received a lot of positive feedback afterward from the judges and other participants, leaving us feeling pleased overall with the effort.“Instead of starting from scratch on something completely new, I thought we could draw on a lot of the work I have already done on this company over the years to put together a compelling argument for the trade pitch. At the same time, this gave me an opportunity to share with my team the ins and outs of fundamental credit analysis, which is critical to trade selection.” – NickParticipating in this competition was a great experience for the entire team. All team members walked away with a deeper understanding of financial markets and the investment management profession. If we can emphasize one final takeaway, it would be that despite the ongoing demands of an intensive Executive MBA program, you can still find time to participate in these kinds of extracurricular programs, be successful, and have fun!“The camaraderie we developed as students allowed us to capitalize on our varied backgrounds and experiences and come together as a team to succeed in competition. Balancing the competition with all of our other priorities wasn’t easy, but when things got tough we rallied around each other and never lost sight of our goal. This is what the Team Fuqua spirit is all about.” – CraigRead the team’s investment thesis here and more details about the competition here. 
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2017	
		I am an investor and a networker, whose goal in life is to leave the...
Craig |
 Craig's 

		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2017	
		Since 2008, I have worked at Bank of America Merrill Lynch on the Global Loan...
Nick |
 Nick's 

		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2017	
		I am a member of the Class of 2017 currently working in Corporate & Institutional...
Shinik |
 Shinik's 

		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2017	
		I'm a husband, father, management consultant, and member of the Weekend Executive MBA Class of...
Brian |
 Brian's 


Looking back, it’s been almost a year since I, along with a 19 of my fellow students from across Fuqua’s graduate programs, traveled to Nebraska to attend the 2017 Q&A session hosted by the Oracle of Omaha—Mr. Warren Buffett.It was the first time in our school’s history that Fuqua students had the opportunity to attend the annual Q&A event, and it was a once in a lifetime opportunity for us. It was our chance to meet Warren in person, a legend in the world of business, and get a shot at picking his brain. Warren is regarded as the world’s most prominent investor. For more than 50 years, he and his business partner, Charlie Munger, have managed one of the most successful enterprises in American history—Berkshire Hathaway. Warren’s sound business principles and gentle personality have made of him an icon in the world of business and a great role model to all business practitioners, particularly those who are exploring asset management as a career, like many of us graduate students.Every year, Warren selectively invites students from multiple universities around the globe to spend a day with him and share lunch. After visiting Nebraska Furniture Mart in the morning, we went straight to the Q&A session with Warren. For three hours, Duke and other students peppered Warren with questions—about the state of the U.S. and world economy, his view on the current and future impact of technology in businesses, the business principles he’s been following ever since he met Benjamin Graham, our political system, his career advice and other important topics—and a  student in our group captured some of his responses in a blog.After the Q&A, we had lunch (all covered by Mr. Buffett) and solidified the experience with a group photo. Later that evening, our group gathered together to celebrate the overall experience, our common respect towards Mr. Buffet, and revisit how blessed we were to have made it there.And how we made it to Omaha is worth mentioning. From securing the opportunity, which started almost a year before getting the actual “yes, you are in,” to developing the beginning of a long-lasting relationship with BRK, a lot of effort, strategic thinking, and particularly teamwork went into making the trip a success.The Asset Management Club is Fuqua’s student-led, professional organization that strives to provide a platform for students, faculty, alumni, and employers to engage with one another and strengthen the investment community at our school. The club hosts a school-wide stock pitch competition, manages a long-only equity fund, meets regularly to discuss and debate market trends, and actively communicates with our asset management alumni. It also coordinated submitting the application for the trip to Omaha, which put us in the mix with 19 other schools from which Warren would select the attendees. The club went through a rigorous application process, and now that we’ve been selected we will be able to send 20 students, every other year, to learn from this great investor. I’m excited for the next group who will have this great opportunity in 2019! It’s impressive what you are able to accomplish if you are willing to think outside the box, remain persistent, be patient, and have a little bit of faith. These are things we preach here at Fuqua and believe that all of our students have that within them.
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2017	
		I'm originally from Lima, Peru, and now reside in Buffalo, NY. I joined M&T bank in 2018...
Favio |
 Favio's 


Studying in a top-flight MBA program has been a lifelong dream of mine. After putting my plans on hold for several years due to personal reasons, I saw an opportunity to get started in 2018.Hence around this time last year, I started researching the top business schools in the U.S. based on criteria that were important to me.This was mostly informal research done by gathering information posted by students and examining executive MBA rankings and reviews on sites such as Poets and Quants, U.S. News & World Report, GMAT Club, Forbes etc. When I reviewed the data after my research, Duke was one of the schools that kept popping up. What especially stood out for me was the emphasis on team culture (#TeamFuqua) and the school’s values.However, what was a concern and unclear to me at that time was the amount of travel required and the disruption to my work schedule. I work for a leading gaming and hospitality company and live in the entertainment capital of the world—Las Vegas. Not exactly a short trip to Durham.When I called the admissions office, what I heard from them essentially narrowed my choices to one school. They told me that starting in May 2018, the Weekend Executive MBA program would be making a significant format change. Students will be required to be physically present on campus just once a month for a Friday through Sunday residency as compared to once every two weeks as it had been in the past. Additionally, they’ll have the option of attending the classes on “Hybrid Saturdays”—which fall in-between the on-campus residency weekends—either in person or remotely via state of the art conferencing technology.Hearing that I wouldn’t have to travel out of town every two weeks was huge. Also, the fact that Duke would be using the same technology to deliver the classes that I use in my job to work with teams across the world provided me assurance that I would receive the same immersive experience as those attending Hybrid Saturdays on campus.This also told me that Fuqua is continuing to innovate and work on its product. The school values student (their market) feedback and is evolving with the times by leveraging the best of breed in technology.Hence I applied, and after going through the process was accepted to the program. January 26, 2018, was when I received the call, and it was one of the happiest moments of my life. I’ve now been in the program for just over a month and have attended one weekend each on campus and remotely. Thus far the experience has been nothing short of exemplary.So if you think that distance is a major factor when considering Duke, take a look at this new program format and see if it is a good fit for you. It works well for me!
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2019	
		I currently head the Enterprise Integrations arm of the Enterprise Architecture team at Caesars Entertainment....
Swithin |
 Swithin's 


Team Fuqua. It’s a term you constantly hear in our community. Ask for a definition and a hundred people will tell you a hundred stories to illustrate what it means to them.Synthesizing these stories, in my view, and more importantly, in the eyes of the corporate community, Team Fuqua is a way of working. It’s the instinct to draw out strengths in others to move a team forward toward a common goal. It’s core to our DNA, and the drive to develop that instinct in our community infuses everything we do. That instinct also helps our alumni excel in companies all over the world.Why is the Team Fuqua style of working so impactful? There is a saying of disputed origin: “To go fast, go alone. To go far, go together.” We have nothing against individual success—it’s important. However, a great team will always beat a great individual, no matter how talented. We would go a step further and say that the more diverse that team, the better the results. Academic research has shown that diverse teams outperform ones in which members are all alike—if each member identifies with the team and has a sense of belonging.Therefore, we believe that it’s essential that future business leaders be able to unlock the power that lies in difference. Bringing out the best in others isn’t just a nice approach to work, it’s a winning business strategy. In fact, it’s the secret sauce to meaningful collaboration that leads to true innovation. Innovation happens when people who have differing perspectives and experiences come together to approach problems and new thinking emerges. Harnessing the power of teams requires leadership that appreciates the strength in difference and encourages authenticity so everyone is bringing their full self to the team. That commitment to valuing difference is at the heart of Team Fuqua.Let me give you an example of Team Fuqua in action.A few years back a research firm interviewed several recruiters about the value of Fuqua graduates. One of the companies shared the following. At a certain stage in this firm’s recruiting process, the best candidates are brought together and given a problem to solve. Because it’s a job interview, each candidate naturally tries to position the exercise in a way that highlights his or her own strengths. However, the recruiter shared that Fuqua students are very different. Instead of pointing to their own capabilities, they focus on figuring out what each of the other people participating in the exercise brings to the table that can make the team successful. Fuqua students start with building relationships and finding the best way to solve the problem collectively.The recruiter highly valued that approach. Ironically, by allowing other people to shine the Fuqua candidates were the brightest stars in the eyes of this company. We’ve heard similar stories from companies all over the globe.We’re proud that our graduates are the leaders people want to work for—the ones that capture the hearts, minds, and hands of the organization. Team Fuqua isn’t a tagline or marketing scheme—it’s a way of working that is making a difference well beyond our own community.
		Dean	
		I feel lucky every day to be dean and have the opportunity to lead this...
Bill |
 Bill's 


I first attended Fuqua Around the World, the annual global networking and social event, back in 2016 when I was an admitted student. Although I had already made my decision to attend Fuqua, I was excited to get a feel for the school by chatting with alumni and other newly admitted students in Princeton, New Jersey.It exceeded my expectations. Although there were Fuqua Around the World events happening all over the globe with about 2,000 attendees, I truly felt as if I were at a close-knit family reunion. As we chatted the evening away, what had begun as networking evolved into a dinner with four or five people, enabling us to get to know each other even better. I left feeling delighted with my decision to attend Fuqua and proud to be part of the Fuqua family.The warm welcome extended by alumni lasted beyond the physical boundaries of the event. I stayed in touch with several people, and later on, one of them helped me to connect with the HR department at the company where he worked, Johnson & Johnson, so I could explore opportunities for a leadership development program.The next year, I attended Fuqua Around the World in New York. There, I had a similar experience to the event in New Jersey—interacting with people who were genuinely happy to meet up, chat, and make meaningful connections.Now that I’m back in Princeton, working as an enterprise architect for CLS Group, I made the decision to give back what I’d gained from previous Fuqua Around the World events. There had not been an event in Princeton in 2017, and I felt it was important to fill that void. I wanted to attract fellow Fuqua alumni in the area to a local event to prevent them from having to travel to New York or Philadelphia. So I signed up to host an event for 2018 and have been spreading the word via LinkedIn and on a Whatsapp chat group.Fuqua Around the World is close to my heart, and I hope to share this love with other Fuquans by hosting. As alumni, it offers not only a chance to relive our experiences at Fuqua, but also to solidify our existing connections, forge new ones, and build relationships so we can continue to support each other down the road.
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2017	
		I'm a business leader with a passion for challenging the status quo, leading change, and...
Manish |
 Manish's 


I was born on March 2, and so was Dr. Seuss. Naturally, I was destined for creative writing!It made sense to my undergrad college advisor, Dr. Burke. He was thrilled to have another English major on board and quickly sold me on the core competencies that strong writing and reading skills enhanced. Upon graduation, my future would be a blank canvas.While creative writing was certainly a passion, I had bills to pay. Career options seemed plentiful at the time. Law School? Journalism? Editor in Chief of Highlights magazine? Or better yet, world-class novelist! Ah, the artsy people are always dreamers, aren’t they?I settled on a “Management in Training” position at Enterprise-Rent-A-Car. There began my career in sales.The years went by and Dr. Burke’s claim held true. My writing and communication skills were solid, and I excelled in the marketing and sales arena. Within a year, I used my experience at Enterprise to move into health care. From pharmaceutical sales to medical device sales, I continued to push forward.I’ve now been with GCX Corporation for nine years and recently took on a regional sales manager position. While working with my boss to map out my career trajectory, we realized there was something missing. I had zero experience in operations, manufacturing, or engineering.This was kind of a bummer considering we’re an engineering and manufacturing company. We agreed that I should purse my MBA in order to broaden my understanding of the core fundamentals of business. And that’s where Fuqua came in.I was terrified! I had two months before Term 1 began and wasn’t confident in my quantitative background. When checkbooks were a thing, I’d bounce them like basketballs. My pre-term accounting assignment wasn’t my proudest moment either. It dawned on me—impossible as it sounded at the time—that I had to buckle down and commit to learning a new mathematical language at the speed of light. I can’t speak for other business schools, but Fuqua’s resources seem limitless, and certainly have gone beyond my expectations. Support from the faculty and staff motivates students to push forward and get past their struggles. In my case, when I communicated my concerns and pure fear regarding accounting, I was stunned at the response. My professor, Jiang Xu, offered to do private WebEx with me. His teaching assistant, Robert Hills, did the same. My cohort also came through and a study group was formed locally for our South Charlotte crew. Fast forward a few weeks, and the mid-term was approaching. However, my panic was actually fading. I was committed to putting in the time to learn the subject matter—not simply for the grade, but to maximize the opportunity to understand the fundamentals of accounting. As my boss had promised, it would pay off once I had the foundation.A few months ago, I thought “debits and credits” were “bank cards versus Amex.” But that ambiguity turned into certainty and practice paid off. On that accounting midterm—despite having a panic attack half-way through and Professor Xu having to calm me down—I received an 81 out of 87. Yeah, 93%! I didn’t think this would be possible for a sales girl.My point in sharing this is to show that there are no barriers to success if you put in the work. For me and my experience with accounting, it was more work than most of my classmates because I had to build a platform before I could understand the concepts in class. However, the necessary resources are made available thanks to Fuqua, the amazing faculty, and your cohort. The challenges will be overwhelming at times, but if you break up the work into pieces and celebrate the small wins, you can and will succeed. At least until Term 2 when Statistics starts. 😉
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2018	
		I’m a mom and wife first, executive and MBA student second, and runner in my...
Christine |
 Christine's 


Have you ever been in a crisis? How did you respond?Our Weekend Executive MBA ’18 cohort has self-organized a few speaker panels throughout the program to afford fellow classmates an opportunity to share their real-life experiences and promote peer-to-peer learning. Recently, four of my classmates each decided to share the unique story of a crisis they faced and how they managed it. Upon seeing the “Chronicles of Crisis” promotional event poster, what MBA student wouldn’t be intrigued? I certainly was.This particular panel was organized by my teammate during Terms 1 and 2, Munindra Nath. Upon attending the panel, I was blown away by the situations my classmates have faced and overcome. Here is my summary of the panel and an overview of the themes that emerged.Brian Anders opened the panel discussion by sharing a short vignette about a time when the plane he was flying had ice on its wings and an engine that was no longer running. For most, this moment would be terrifying and might end in disaster. For Brian, this moment was challenging but did not rattle him the way some of the challenges he faced when starting his own business did.Brian’s advice to the room was to remember three words in a moment of crisis: “Aviate, Navigate, and Communicate.” This simple mental model, widely used in the field of aviation, was a reminder to always keep things moving, figure out where you are going, and let others know what to expect.Brian’s journey into entrepreneurship had a humble, but successful start. A few years after opening his business though, the financial crisis of 2008 hit and Brian’s business engine went out. The company sputtered and Brian went into crisis mode—he couldn’t imagine how he could continue to lead his business and protect his employees. Brian attributes his ability to get through the situation to his resilient attitude and his team’s support. He said, “you have to have humility when you start a business to get others to trust in you.”We all have different triggers and if we are honest with others about our situation and need for help, we are more likely to get through the crisis relatively unscathed. Everyone has a different perspective on what obstacles they consider to be dire and everyone needs support in these moments.Reiterating the importance of advanced preparation, Jasmin Johansen shared an acronym (CRAPE) that her team uses to quickly remember the appropriate steps to take while responding to crisis. CRAPE stands for: Calm; Relationships; Affirming feelings, Planning it out; Exercising feedback and follow-up.Jasmin works with people who are sometimes at the lowest points in their life—she coordinates community and social services for families in need. In this role, Jasmin often makes personal connections to the people she supports and cares deeply about their well-being.Jasmin reminded the audience, that in any crises, whether it’s professional or personal, we often have an emotional barrier up that prevents us thinking or acting logically. CRAPE helps Jasmin think through required action steps and get through many hard situations. Another piece of advice that resonated from Jasmin’s story was that the little things matter. Throughout her experience, she’s noticed that even the smallest gestures, like offering a smile or a warm hello to another person while they are in crisis, can help de-escalate the situation. This was a valuable tip on how you can support others and exude a sense of calm that is contagious.“Every day is like a crisis in the operating room,” Dhanesh Gupta remarked halfway through sharing his story about a particularly troubling situation with a patient whose condition was declining rapidly. Dhanesh’s story underscored that we must stay calm to get through any calamity. Although it’s easy to panic, one must have the capacity to inhale, exhale, and think. Dhanesh echoed many of the other panelists reminding the audience that preparation is key, as is self-awareness. He said it’s easy when you’re scared or exhausted to react aggressively as tensions rise, but you should be aware of that and know how to mitigate that behavior before it occurs.Dhanesh closed his story by challenging his fellow Fuqua students to build this trust with their teams. He said, “if we create teams and an environment where everyone is stressed, then we have no reserve to rely on. Groom your team so they have some reserve. Help them to find their pressure points and step up to the plate.”The reality is, we live in a stressful world. We all face constant pressures to improve performance and productivity. If we can create trust within our firms and institutions to make everyone feel safe, then when we are faced with crisis, we will be better positioned to respond. This sentiment seemed to be shared by everyone in the room and was a testament to the student’s belief in teamwork and the collaborative Team Fuqua spirit. As a Special Operations intelligence professional in the U.S. Army, Jamon Osborne has faced many crises throughout his career. One day after a particularly enjoyable morning bike ride followed by a hot shower, the crisis event warning went off within his unit. Jamon immediately responded and moved to the pre-determined mission briefing location. When he arrived, he was informed that there was a unique crisis event and his unit needed to respond immediately. Never mind that he wasn’t fully dressed. There was no time to delay and Jamon knew he had to relay orders, prepare for movement, and mobilize his team.Not everyone will be fortunate enough to have a deliberate signal to warn them before the next crisis hits. We can, however, learn best practices from the response planning techniques the military utilizes. Jamon’s story serves to remind us that if we are conditioned to know what steps to take and actively plan for crisis events, we will be able to act immediately and won’t feel so overwhelmed by the issue at hand—even if it is a crisis of great magnitude.
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2018	
		Throughout my career, I’ve worked for three major academic health care systems. I’ve had responsibilities...
Ali |
 Ali's 


As I was poised to leave active duty, I wanted to stack the deck in my favor. The goal was to ensure that the civilian career path I set down upon was worth the high intrinsic value that I placed on my Green Beret and military service.I weighed several options (MBA, JD, various career streams not requiring a professional degree), and ultimately decided that obtaining an MBA would be the most impactful way to relaunch my civilian career. After considering the opportunity cost involved with not working for the two years needed to complete a traditional MBA format, I decided to pursue an Executive MBA. I visited several schools convenient to my East Coast home and weighed several factors such as reputation, fit, location, cost, etc. Ultimately, I decided that the Weekend Executive MBA (WEMBA) program at Fuqua was an ideal match. Duke and Fuqua have excellent, globally-recognized brands, great team cultures, and were ideally located for me. Additionally, while the program format only requires a few days of in-person classes each month, it is, in fact, a full-time curriculum. Given this format, the WEMBA program has enabled me to work for the duration of the program, AND complete my MBA in 19 months. Much of the class material in the program has been totally new to me. However, the faculty and our cohort (along with a strong individual work ethic, of course) have done a great job to collectively bring me, and the other uninitiated up the learning curve in the true “Team Fuqua” collaborative fashion. I have found that while I may start a class without much subject matter knowledge, I finish the term with a good understanding of the material, and an ability to apply it.I have found that my military experience allows for me to add a different perspective to conversations in class or team meetings. Additionally, my leadership style has lent itself well to the team assignments that I’ve encountered through my coursework.Within weeks of beginning the WEMBA program, the combination of the Duke brand and network and my military experience began to create opportunities for me. Together, they have enabled me to complete an internship with a veteran entrepreneur-focused non-profit organization, secure a ‘near-term’ project manager position at a Fortune 50 company, and ultimately land a leadership development program position at M&T Bank. All along the way, I have been able to directly apply my coursework to my career. I have found that some material is more theoretical, and belongs in a classroom, but overall, I have come upon almost daily opportunities to apply the material from the statistics, decision models (data analysis), accounting, finance, and operations coursework.Overall, pursuing an MBA from Fuqua has been highly rewarding, and impactful—not just due to the material and coursework, but also because of the connections and friendships that I’ve made along the way. 
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2017	
		I joined the U.S. Army in 2009, and served for seven years, five of which...
Eric |
 Eric's 


In my initial conversation with prospective students, often the last question they ask me is, “What have I not asked that I should be asking?”The truth is, there are probably endless things to consider when determining whether an MBA is going to be the right next step for you.Is this the right time in your career?How will this affect your loved ones?Is the program format conducive to your personal and professional life?What is the return on investment?Before diving too deep into your research of various MBA programs, I recommend prioritizing the reasons you are looking to pursue an MBA and what you are hoping to get out of it. Armed with your questions, go directly to the source—our Admissions office.Here at Fuqua, we offer plenty of opportunities for you to get to know us, opportunities that will also allow us to get to know you. Reach out to schedule a conversation, get connected with alumni, or upcoming events. We look forward to hearing from you soon! In the meantime here’s some additional advice:
		Former Weekend Executive MBA Admissions Counselor	
		During my time at Fuqua, I was the admissions counselor dedicated to the Weekend Executive...
Krystin |
 Krystin's 


If you have landed here you are probably interested in learning more about how you pursue an MBA while keeping a full-time job. You are likely also interested in what those options look like at Duke.But all of a sudden you are seeing this * symbol frequently on our website. You may be asking, “what’s up with that?” I’m writing to answer that question.At Duke we are never happy with the status quo. We are continually looking for ways to strengthen our programs to best educate business leaders who can thrive in today’s world. That means we are in constant conversation with students, alumni, and industry about how to evolve our programs to meet their needs.A few years ago, we started hearing from working professionals about how much they value flexibility in pursuing an MBA. Many of them were also telling us they highly value the greatest mix possible in the diversity of their cohort. That aligns with our strong belief in the importance of students learning from people who think very differently.Long story short—we started looking for ways to provide additional flexibility for students and recruit an even stronger mix of backgrounds, ages, experiences, and career stages.We decided to combine our two programs with international residencies into one, merging the popular format of our Cross Continent (CC) program with the more rigorous leadership curriculum of the Global Executive (GEMBA program). The new combined program is named Global Executive, which is why you are seeing * next to Cross Continent references.In addition, we made changes in format to our Weekend Executive program which in past years met in Durham twice a month. Residencies will continue to be based in Durham, but now students will attend one three-day in-person residency every month. We’ll still have classroom sessions every two weeks between the in-person residencies, but students will now have the option to participate virtually or in person.Both of the Global and Weekend programs will offer executive coaching for a fee.So now you may be wondering about whether you should be pursuing Global or Weekend. I’d say that decision really depends on what you hope to gain from the MBA experience and what best works for your lifestyle.Global has primarily international residencies, whereas the Weekend program is based in Durham. That is the biggest distinction between the two programs. The curriculum and admissions process is largely the same and you can expect an exceptionally talented cohort in either program.More information about both programs is here. And you can always reach out directly to us in Admissions. Our team is more than happy to answer your questions: including about the (*).
		Director of Recruitment, Executive MBA Programs	
		As director of recruitment for Duke's Executive MBA Programs, I oversee the admissions team for...
Dan |
 Dan's 


Our road to success started this past January, when Craig was reading the weekly newsletter from Fuqua’s Asset Management Club and saw an announcement for a high-yield credit competition hosted by UCLA’s Anderson School of Management and the Fink Center for Finance and Investment.The competition attracted teams from top schools across the country, including Columbia, Northwestern, MIT and UC Berkeley, Michigan, Carnegie Mellon, NYU and UCLA. The first of its two phases consisted of building and managing a U.S. High Yield Corporate Bond portfolio using $100,000 of ‘paper money,’ with the goal of maximizing the portfolio’s total return over a 12-week period. During the second phase, teams would travel to Los Angeles at the conclusion of the portfolio competition to pitch a specific bond trade to a panel of distinguished investment management professionals, including representatives from DoubleLine Capital, TCW, Ares Management, and Hotchkis & Wiley.Upon seeing the announcement, Craig immediately knew he wanted to compete and set out to recruit classmates. Brian, a CPA and experienced personal investor, joined him as did Nick, a credit research analyst, and Shinik, a commercial banker. “I knew we needed students who were familiar with the markets, could analyze corporate risk, and still tie in broader economic and political variables into investment decisions. Having met so many people in the Weekend Executive MBA cohort, I was able to assemble a team quickly and hit the ground running.” – CraigThe early stages of the competition were not without challenges. A rush to meet the registration deadline was quickly followed by an extensive planning session on how our team, consisting entirely of working professionals, would balance the additional workload of the competition with all the other school, work, family, and personal demands of being an executive MBA student. Embracing these challenges, we devised a strategy and assigned roles and responsibilities to each team member. The first task was to create an investment thesis that would establish the guiding principles for how the fund would invest and trade around its positions. This thesis (linked at the bottom of this post) articulated our team’s broad macroeconomic view, sectors we believed could outperform in the 12-week period, and how we would make allocation and trade decisions.Amidst the backdrop of a political roller coaster ride, volatility in the oil markets, pending health care legislation, and retail bloodshed, our team experienced its fair share of portfolio wins and losses across several sectors.“Given the short 3-month window for investing, we knew we needed to make some bold decisions. But there was always that constant battle between conventional portfolio theories you learn in school versus concentrated risk.” – BrianAt the conclusion of the portfolio management phase of the competition, our team portfolio posted a cumulative total return over the 12-week period of 4.2 percent, giving us the first place prize of $3,000. Our team beat the benchmark index (Barclays High Yield Total Return Index) by 2 percent and edged out the runner up team by 0.82 percent. We then traveled to Los Angeles for phase two—the trade pitch. “Squeezing in a 36 hour trip to L.A. two days before our first residency of Term 4 was a bit stressful but having built such great relationships within our team made for a fun trip. It was a rare opportunity to meet students from other full-time and Executive MBA programs and we walked away really impressed with the quality of the other competing teams as well as the panel of judges.” – ShinikFor the trade pitch, we took a somewhat unconventional route and argued for a ‘short’ position in the bonds issued by Frontier Communications Corp., a rural telecom provider. In doing so, we leveraged Nick’s experiences working as a buy-side telecom and cable analyst at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Although we did not win phase two, we received a lot of positive feedback afterward from the judges and other participants, leaving us feeling pleased overall with the effort.“Instead of starting from scratch on something completely new, I thought we could draw on a lot of the work I have already done on this company over the years to put together a compelling argument for the trade pitch. At the same time, this gave me an opportunity to share with my team the ins and outs of fundamental credit analysis, which is critical to trade selection.” – NickParticipating in this competition was a great experience for the entire team. All team members walked away with a deeper understanding of financial markets and the investment management profession. If we can emphasize one final takeaway, it would be that despite the ongoing demands of an intensive Executive MBA program, you can still find time to participate in these kinds of extracurricular programs, be successful, and have fun!“The camaraderie we developed as students allowed us to capitalize on our varied backgrounds and experiences and come together as a team to succeed in competition. Balancing the competition with all of our other priorities wasn’t easy, but when things got tough we rallied around each other and never lost sight of our goal. This is what the Team Fuqua spirit is all about.” – CraigRead the team’s investment thesis here and more details about the competition here. 
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2017	
		I am an investor and a networker, whose goal in life is to leave the...
Craig |
 Craig's 

		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2017	
		Since 2008, I have worked at Bank of America Merrill Lynch on the Global Loan...
Nick |
 Nick's 

		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2017	
		I am a member of the Class of 2017 currently working in Corporate & Institutional...
Shinik |
 Shinik's 

		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2017	
		I'm a husband, father, management consultant, and member of the Weekend Executive MBA Class of...
Brian |
 Brian's 


Or better yet, who? Run Fuqua is a group of Weekend Executive MBA ’18 students that have come together to simultaneously push one another physically and mentally. The group was founded a few weeks prior to the start date of our 19-month program, and has continued to grow since.We are students, athletes, executives, and friends. We are determined to maximize our opportunity and to take advantage of the time we have together. Pursuing a healthy body directly correlates with our healthy minds. John F. Kennedy said it best, “Our growing softness, our increasing lack of physical fitness, is a menace to our security.”Dozens of Weekend Executive MBA students are rising and shining to get their early morning workout in before a full day of classes. Regardless of pace or distance, we can easily find a buddy to sweat with while roaming the hilly roads of Durham. The J.B. Duke Hotel gym offers additional options for fitness seekers, and most mornings you will see a handful of bodies hitting the weights hard.The motivation and dedication coming from the group is infectious. Newcomers to fitness are becoming obsessed. Goals are being set, races organized, and weight lost! Jokingly, a few have mentioned they will not gain the “grad-school gut.”In September, a group of us will compete in the Fayetteville Spartan Race—six miles of intense obstacles that you cannot hurdle alone. We’ll leap over fire, climb 8-foot walls, crawl under barbed wire, and do everything we can to finish the extremely challenging race. I have no doubt we’ll succeed in this feat, but more importantly, we’ll have fun. Then in November, a large group of students will represent our class at the City of Oaks Marathon and Race Fest. Some have never run a 5K before, but the race offers a variety of distances to accommodate any runner. Students will be pushing themselves and each other through the streets of Raleigh. Training has already launched and new runners have the support of seasoned runners to guide them in the ramp-up toward their distance of choice.Run Fuqua is an example of how the collaborative spirt that embodies Team Fuqua goes beyond the classroom and beneath the surface. Life-long relationships are being formed, as each student motivates one another to take on more than they thought possible and become the best version of themselves.
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2018	
		I’m a mom and wife first, executive and MBA student second, and runner in my...
Christine |
 Christine's 


So, your partner is starting his or her Weekend Executive MBA (WEMBA) at Duke. How awesome is that? Congrats! Now what does that mean for you?Well, first thing’s first. Kiss normalcy goodbye for the next 18 months as you both try to figure out how to ride this roller coaster together and remain standing at the other end.Earning a master’s degree in any field can be demanding, and with the WEMBA program it can be grueling for your partner. Long hours in condensed classes, study time, video conferences with teammates, papers, midterms, finals, networking, all on top of family responsibilities and a full-time job. Expect that your partner will not be able to contribute as much to family needs, events, chores, household maintenance, etc. as what was once normal. One-on-one time with your partner will diminish. But on the other hand, now is a great time to explore new hobbies or work on new skills for yourself.Expect your partner’s stress and anxiety levels to increase, and at the same time her sleep to decrease. The result? Meet your new sleep-deprived zombie friend. You might find yourself pulling your zombie friend out of bed after she’s hit the snooze button no less than 15 times. Expect less recreation travel and less extended family visits with your zombie friend by your side. Expect that even though you may start feeling more distant as a result—your job will be to unconditionally support your zombie to the best of your ability. Because in the end, the accomplishment will be worth it for your family. Just make sure your zombie does not get complacent with household duties once the degree is earned!Earn your Masters of Household Chores (MHC). Imagine how much more study time you can buy your partner if she did not need to do laundry, cook meals, do the dishes, clean the house, mow the lawn, change diapers, walk the dog, etc. How wonderful would that be?Be the defense lawyer. Inevitably, family will question and not understand why your partner cannot make it to your out-of-town nephew’s first birthday party because of her studies or cannot travel to the beach on Labor Day due to taking finals. Be the therapist. Your partner will run the gamut of emotions from time management anxiety, to grades, to frustration with her groups, to guilt for less involvement in chores and family time. Remember, there’s nothing you need to say to your partner while she is in this whirlwind of emotion to help her stay focused and on track other than words of encouragement and silent embraces.Master the art of creative multitasking! One tip that came from the 2016 Duke MBA partner Q&A panel was to have your student partner massage your tired and sore back (from doing all the extra chores), while you read assigned Managerial Economics articles to her (genius). Your zombie friend must eat brain food at some point, so why not eat together? Schedule date nights or lunches, once per week, or at least once per month. If you don’t schedule it, it won’t happen. Do some chores together as a team. Study with your zombie. You never know, you might learn something! Hug…often.Managing the WEMBA program, work, family, life, and other activities is very time consuming for both of you. It’s crucial that your partner not forget her biggest supporter and number one fan—you! Maintaining regular communication is so vital whether she’s just checking in, saying I love you, or letting you know that she is thinking about you. These are all small gestures, but they go a long way.My wife and I agreed that she would let me know when she’s back in her hotel room, safe and sound, during her residency weekends (no matter how late). Sometimes it’s a text, but often it’s a quick call to say, “I miss you.” She also texts me throughout those days and reminds me that she is thinking of me.We started a Sunday afternoon cooking date where we support each other by cooking our meals for the week. This benefits both of us, because we don’t have to worry about it later. We come up with a shopping list, I’ll do the shopping while she studies, and we both do the cooking!And most importantly, your partner can buy you some “me time” so that you can take care of yourself—take a hot bath or go for a long bike ride. Self-care for both of you is very important—if you’re not OK, how do you expect to be of any help to those you want to support?It’s the key to success. As cliché as that sounds, it’s a fact. In my experience, miscommunication is the number one reason for 95 percent of arguments and misunderstandings. When there is a lack of communication there is an increase in assumptions and speculation. That’s never a good thing, as it leads to drama. You nor your partner has time for drama, and drama leads to less open communication. Make sure you and your partner are on the same page with both of your needs, thoughts, feelings, and perspectives before and during the program.Now that your partner (thanks to the boat loads of support from you) has earned this prestigious degree and celebrated like it’s 1999, it’s time for some payback! I think having your partner do 100 percent of the household chores with added back and foot massages for at least two solid weeks is a good start!
		Weekend Executive MBA Partner, Class of 2017	
		I am the husband of Brittany Keith who is a student in the Weekend Executive MBA...
Jason |
 Jason's 


The real question was—how much more could we fit into our schedule?When we were informed about an Accenture-sponsored case competition for our Weekend Executive MBA class, a lot of excitement was generated around the idea. We had just finished one of the toughest terms and were midway through our program. When I first heard about it, I was almost certain it wasn’t something I could fit in my schedule without negatively impacting my regular coursework. However, the topic was so hot I couldn’t keep myself from going to the introductory session.There I learned how the Career Management Center (CMC) had modified the format to suit our extremely busy executive MBA schedule. That information and an invite from a colleague to join her team made me change my mind. Little did I know that I was in for one of the best experiences I’ve had in the program!The process of self-selecting teams was great, but in a class of so many talented people it was hard to pick only four. Once we got our team registered, there was no looking back. Each team was also assigned a coach who was a Fuqua alumnus with experience is management consulting. About a third of our class ended up joining the case competition.It was simple—each team was given the same real life client case. We had to come up with an analysis and present our solution in a 10-minute presentation to the judges after six weeks.Then it hit us. The package provided to us from the client was more than a thousand pages of data and reference material. Our first step was to get everyone on the same page with the problem and establish a weekly cadence to meet and review our progress. I must admit that I was a bit lost in the beginning with all the information, and credit goes to my incredibly talented teammates who continued to push through and kept me motivated. We spent about two or three hours each week leading up to the final week, and then slogged it out to make sure we had a presentation ready to submit.While it was hectic, we definitely had our share of fun as we had to steal time over breaks, lunch and even happy hours to work on this case. It was a real life case and therefore a great opportunity to experience the life of a management consultant.Then came the final weekend where we had to present the case. We found out that the judges included experienced Fuqua alumni, a decorated Fuqua professor and other experts from the industry. There were a total of 10 teams, out of which four would advance to the second round scheduled the next day. Unlike some other teams, no one from ours had been a management consultant before. Therefore on one hand, it was exciting to experience a day in life of a consultant. On the other, we were extremely uncertain about what the judges—representing the clients in this case—priorities were.Teams were to be evaluated on seven different dimensions relating to how well they understood the clients’ challenge, their approach to defining and solving the problem, how innovative and feasible their recommendations were and finally, how well they communicated and interacted with the client (judges).Would our content match the level of analysis expected, and what parts of our analysis should be stressed during a 10-minute showdown? Regardless, we suited up like consultants and waited our turn.An hour after we presented, we received the results of the first round. To our amazement, we had qualified!Several thoughts rushed through my mind immediately: this means we need to prepare for tomorrow…oops, we can’t study for tomorrow’s classes tonight…we need to incorporate the judges’ feedback and adjust our presentation…we may not be able to relax and have drinks on the hotel patio like we often do.We spent that night on the phone with our coach and made several important adjustment to our presentation, tightened our logic, and most importantly, prepared for questions that judges might ask. Proceeding to the next round meant that we were at least on the right track.This round was open to public, so our classmates and others could see the top four teams present the case. As opposed to our first round presentation where we were a little nervy, this presentation went much better. Our 20 minutes of stage time seemed effective as the judges asked some very insightful questions. Being the second team to present, we got the opportunity to see the next two presentations. That is when I realized the competition we were up against. Both those presentations had great depth of analysis, a great solution, and fabulous presentation.In the end, our team was privileged to win the case competition. But we knew it must have been by a whisker, given the quality of the others teams’ solutions.Being able to participate in a competition like this was a privilege, but to have won it was the most amazing feeling—one of my best MBA experiences. We got instant recognition in the Fuqua community as well as a great bullet to add to our resumes at an important time in our careers. I personally believe the reasons behind our success were:It was a very well organized event by the CMC, who deserve credit for pulling it off despite the hectic school, work and life schedules of our executive MBA class.
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2016	
		Current Role I currently work as lead development manager for a large not for profit...
Parijat |
 Parijat's 


Having worked in a global corporation for nearly a decade, I thought I understood diversity. In fact, at one point I was a “Diversity and Inclusion Award” winner. I earned that by simply assembling a team of varied ethnicities.With both the benefit of hindsight as well as the learnings I’ve gleaned during my MBA experience at Fuqua, I’m almost embarrassed by the criteria underpinning that recognition. What I accomplished was a superficial ‘box-checking’ activity. I didn’t truly embrace diversity.I don’t believe that diversity is a code that can be cracked. It’s not an ephemeral mission. Rather it’s a lifelong endeavor and one which is dynamic, ubiquitous and ever-changing. You have to commit yourself to it and constantly challenge yourself and others.I’m reminded of how Term 3 started for our class, with each of us transitioning to a new study team. My new team was wildly different than my first. It should be noted that I was mentally opposed to the transition purely based on the fact that I loved my former team. That’s not an embellished metaphor; ”love” is accurately used here.However, I had the epiphany—the “aha!” moment—that completely shifted my thinking. That is, this wasn’t a perfunctory administrative activity. It was a key learning experience. It was a well-thought and coordinated approach. Colloquially, there was a ‘method to the madness.’That method is centered around the Team Fuqua spirit. Those who made up my new team were not strangers; they were brothers and sisters. While I hadn’t been in the trenches with each of them diurnally, I had been in the Fuqua vanguard with the entire cohort. I actually knew more about them then I realized at first. While I didn’t recognize (or even appreciate) it in real-time, the social events, the sports functions, the sidebar hallway conversations, the cold calling in class—they all abetted my knowledge and appreciation for each and every individual. Therefore, when my new team assembled, we weren’t starting from naught—we were well on our way and primed for success.That is but one aspect contributing to the team dynamic. What I perceive to be the Duke culture is another contributing factor. It’s difficult to describe culture in words. Indeed, I have explored several unique ways of explaining my observations. While I reserve the right to edit this over time, here is my first attempt: “We at Duke are serious about the business of life.” Allow me to explain the construct. Assiduousness is palpable on campus. Those who are here work hard—very hard—and the university demands that of us.Now, that’s an obvious platitude describing a world class university—here’s where it gets interesting. That work ethic, drive, and demand for excellence does not stop at the classroom. It extends to all walks of life. We take our social engagements seriously—ensuring that they are well coordinated and inclusive. We take our fanfare seriously—ensuring that all chants are orchestrated and effective while being respectful. So you see, there is more to life than business and we are serious about maximizing the whole of life.
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2016	
		I currently lead Windows Enterprise Services marketing for Microsoft in the U.S. and live in Raleigh,...
Ryan |
 Ryan's 


At some of the world’s top business schools, the average age of incoming full-time students is approximately 27. Many decide to go back to school after realizing that in order to grow their careers in the long term, they need to make drastic changes today—develop new skills, grow their network and gain exposure to potential employers.Consequently, some quit their jobs and decide to attend business school full-time. Others demand the same benefits of the MBA experience, except they wish to diminish their cost by attending business school while they continue to work.I cannot tell you which of these options is best for your unique situation. Each program format has its own pluses and minuses. Each of us has different desires and goals. And those may be met with a different mix of ‘flavors.’ There is no cookie cutter approach to finding out which program is best for you. You can only find out by doing your homework diligently.I also happened to be 27 when I first set foot at Duke. I had a spent the summer of 2013 at the University of Chicago Booth attending a pre-MBA program called Summer Business Scholars. At the end of this program I knew, for sure, that I wanted to go back to school full-time. I was willing to sacrifice being out of the work force for two years to help set future me on the right path to success. But I also knew that based on my background and having been part of the labor force a bit longer than most people my age, that perhaps it made most sense from a cost-benefit stand point to go back to school part-time.The ‘healthy-skeptical’ part of me knew that not all part-time programs are created equal, and I was scared to even take a deep look at what this type of program could offer. I was about to make my first big business decision by trying to best allocate the $100,000-plus that I would receive as a loan. I didn’t forget that I was applying to business school and not, let’s say, cooking school. So as a businessperson, I had to look into this option. I did my research and found that most part-time programs suffer from the following:I also found out that the ‘right’ part-time program—or perhaps better described as an Executive MBA or an MBA program for working professionals—could be a fantastic ‘undervalued’ opportunity. And trust me, as a businessperson I’m all about finding undervalued opportunities. And you should too. Here is what I liked about spotting the right one:I believe it really comes down to finding the ‘right’ school and program format. Duh. But it’s actually more difficult than you can imagine. Think about it. You may be able to find the right school, but that school might not have the right program or vice versa.I was lucky to have found the right program and the right school. In my opinion, Duke’s WEMBA program offers all the benefits of a part-time program and overcomes all of the negative aspects. In contrast to other programs from top business schools, Duke offers the value you expect to receive in the classroom as well as the relationships you wish to obtain from being a full-time student.After examining many reasons, it came down to one simple thing that happens to work very well at Duke. It’s the glue that keeps everything together. It’s the oil that keeps the engine alive. It’s the one thing that sometimes gets discounted and underappreciated over rankings and branding. Over who is on the news and who isn’t. Over who published what and who didn’t. This one thing is called—culture. At our business school, we refer to our culture as Team Fuqua.Because of its culture, Duke is able to overcome all the negative things the most part-time programs have. Duke attracts people who want to build relationships. Let me say that again. Duke attracts people who want to build relationships. Whether it’s the full-time MBA or one of the three MBA programs for working professionals, Duke recruits individuals who understand the value of relationships and how they can be leveraged to move teams toward common goals. At their core, students are team players. What’s the point of attending a great school, meeting a bunch of smart people, but not a single one is willing to have a cup of coffee with you?Because of its vision and mission, Duke wants every student—not just one particular group—to get exposed to the same type of opportunities. The school makes this happen by working with you in a customized basis when it fits your schedule as a working professional. The Career Management Center doesn’t leave you hanging like it might happen at other schools.Duke’s educational standards are high and equal for every program, whether it’s the Daytime (full-time), Global Executive, Weekend Executive, or Cross Continent format, we all carry the same Duke degree.Additionally, did you know that Tim Cook, CEO of Apple is a Duke executive MBA graduate? Did you know that John Allison, former CEO of BB&T Bank, is? What about Kerri Anderson, former CEO of Wendy’s International? And Jonathan Browning, U.S. CEO of Volkswagen Group of America. The list goes on. You get my point.Lastly, I’ll tell you this. Whether you are getting your degree at The Fuqua School of Business, or at The Pratt School of Engineering, or at The Duke University School of Medicine, or whether you attended Duke undergrad, you are going to feel like you are part of one big and unified community. One Duke University. If you haven’t paid attention to how this dynamic works at other schools and their corresponding programs, I suggest you start.Now, can you see why culture makes so much sense? Why Team Fuqua is sustainable in the long term at Duke? And why, at times it can be underappreciated or be taken for granted? Lastly, can you see why going for the executive MBA option, at the end of the day, just ended up making so much ‘business’ sense.I hope my candid perspective helps you make an intelligent decision. This is your time. So how do you plan to best allocate your time, effort and the capital you’ll be given? I can only hope that you use your best business judgment.
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2017	
		I'm originally from Lima, Peru, and now reside in Buffalo, NY. I joined M&T bank in 2018...
Favio |
 Favio's 


Sitting in Operations Management class during Term 3 of my Weekend Executive MBA program at Duke, it became apparent to me that many of my classmates had never seen an actual manufacturing plant in person.I realized that I had taken my experiences for granted, having worked more than 10 years in various manufacturing roles for a specialty chemical company, Solvay. I spoke to our operations professor, Fernando Bernstein, and we agreed it would be a great opportunity for some of my classmates to visit the plant where I work in Spartanburg, SC.  After that discussion, I knew I had to make the trip happen and bring these operations concepts to life for my cohort.After several months of planning, 13 of my classmates and Professor Bernstein arrived at Solvay. First on the agenda, the plant management staff gave a presentation that summarized the Solvay business and provided an overview of the plant. After the presentation, we split into groups to have an in-depth tour of the plant to see performance management, quality control, cycle-time improvements, and inventory control concepts in action. My classmates asked some great questions, which actually sparked some improvement ideas for the plant. In addition to leaving with some Solvay giveaways, our visitors left with a good basic understanding of how a chemical manufacturing plant operates.After the Solvay plant tour, we headed just a few miles down Interstate 85 South to the BMW manufacturing plant to see an assembly operation in action. The plant in Spartanburg is BMW’s largest in the world producing all of the X3, X4, X5, and X6 models. We saw live concepts learned in class including examples Lean Manufacturing, which strives to eliminate waste in manufacturing processes derived from the Toyota Production System (TPS).The opportunity to visit both of these manufacturing plants with Professor Bernstein was a tremendous experience and one that we won’t forget. The tours were a great example of the Fuqua culture of students taking initiative and creating opportunities to learn through new experiences and each other’s diverse backgrounds.
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2016	
		I'm a technical manager for the chemical company Solvay in Spartanburg, SC. I began the Weekend...
Neela |
 Neela's 


Have you been struck from out of the blue? Well I have.One fine day in January 2014, I was contemplating my future and suddenly a thought struck me. I realized that I was relying on very slow incremental growth, which was not enough. My technical graduate degree had boosted my career thus far, but now I needed new thrusters to go further.That day I decided to broaden my horizon. The best way to do this was to go to business school, even if it meant I had to take the GMAT after a long 20-year hiatus from college.I wanted to continue my 15-year specialization in the field of health care, go to the best business school, study under the best faculty, and be in midst of the smartest brains. Duke’s Weekend Executive MBA was the logical choice. I applied in December 2014 was very thrilled to receive the admission call from Krystin Fleming in early January, while I was away in India. I am very proud and humbled to be part of Duke—and I still have that voicemail!If you are reading his blog, you’re likely a prospective MBA student with the same thirst—to do something even greater in life. Be bold and go pursue your dreams. Everything is possible if you have the desire. After all, if you don’t invest in yourself, who will?
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2016	
		I'm originally from India—the south Indian state of Tamil Nadu to be precise—and came to...
Sri |
 Sri's 


I’m at the same age as the average person in our class, which means I have been out of school for about 15 years. That’s a long time.The 2 things I specifically remember from my college days are the fun I had with friends and the anxiety caused by exams, which I call ‘exam fever.’ While there is plenty of the former here at Fuqua, I will focus on my experience with the latter.One of my considerations before beginning an MBA was whether or not I still have the ability to get into exam mode and pass a tough course at a competitive school like Fuqua. I had self-doubt, wondering if the money and time I would commit to this program would only result in me getting an ‘F’ in an exam and being shown the door.In my past school life, I had no other responsibilities apart from studies (and of course maximizing my time at the college cafeteria). Now with an MBA, I would have to balance my family, job, and social life with school. That weighed heavy in the back of my mind, but regardless I decided to take the plunge and enrolled in the Weekend Executive MBA program.I passed the first term, which in some ways could be considered a ‘warm up’ for the rest of program. By the end of the second term, having gone through multiple assignments, quizzes and mid-terms, I could safely say that I was over the anxiety of going back to college. How did it change so dramatically in just a span of a few months? The answer lies in what I think makes this program so special and distinguished.I believe the courses are designed to provide us with tools we can use and to encourage learning, more than simply memorizing material for an exam. I think there is huge benefit when you’re able to study to learn rather than study to merely pass an exam. None of the exams so far have been a memorization competition, but instead focus on how well we can apply concepts developed in the class.Make no mistake though, the topics taught in the class are very complex and someone could fail. But in my opinion you would have to be very disengaged during the coursework to do so. The classroom discussion is the most important piece that enables relevant learning, therefore being attentive and active plays an important role. Class discussions are extended online in between our residencies, and they play a vital role in expanding our perspective.The pace of the course is very fast and therefore it’s easy to fall behind. But thanks to the availability of professors after class and personal & prompt attention to our questions via email, phone, and personal meetings, there is help available to master the concepts. And your classmates can help too—for example the CPAs in the class helping others with accounting.My experience at Fuqua has been very different from my previous colleges as I finally feel free from exam fever. Kudos to the designers of the course, the program facilitators, and the faculty who have successfully made learning the center of the whole program rather than grade competition. The threat of failing is no longer the driver of education, but instead it’s the thirst for learning.To summarize, the keys to being successful in exams at Fuqua are:
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2016	
		Current Role I currently work as lead development manager for a large not for profit...
Parijat |
 Parijat's 


When deciding whether to add a Global Academic Travel Experience (GATE) to my coursework at Duke, I wasn’t sure if I would find value in the trip. I went back and forth, but ultimately decided it was an experience I couldn’t pass up.For the first time, Weekend Executive MBAs were able to join s for GATEs, which gave us the opportunity to choose between South Africa or Brazil—I chose the latter. Not only did I come back with great stories and new friends, I also found a new perspective on Brazil and international companies that will certainly affect my future career decisions.I work at Ingersoll Rand as a corporate development & investor relations analyst, and have been with the company for more than 4 years. I grew up in North Carolina, completed my undergraduate studies at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and studied abroad in Sevilla, Spain during my senior year. After that experience I knew I wanted to live and work abroad one day. I hoped this GATE would help answer some questions I had about South America, other business cultures, and working abroad in general. It certainly exceeded expectations from that perspective. Patrick Duddy, former U.S. ambassador to Venezuela, was the faculty member leading the trip and helped arrange several of our corporate and governmental visits. I was consistently amazed by the presenters, from the vice minister of foreign affairs from Paraguay to the U.S. consul general in São Paulo. During the trip we visited some of the most successful companies in Brazil and the world, including Ambev, Brazil Foods, Itau Bank, and the media firm Globo. In Rio de Janeiro we got to see preparations for the 2016 Olympics up close through meetings with Ernst & Young, Odebrecht and The Olympic Municipal Enterprise.Going to Itau Bank in Sao Paulo was the most interesting experience for me. We spoke with a senior employee at the company, learning the bank’s perspective not only on the industry but the Brazilian economy and politics. Hearing the business community’s views gave me insight I couldn’t have found visiting or working in Brazil on my own.It also did not disappoint from a cultural perspective. Going to Iguassu Falls was a great stop in the middle of the trip, and gave us an opportunity to see a different part of Brazil. We visited Corcovado and Sugarloaf Mountain in Rio, where we stayed on the Copacabana. I had a blast going out with other students and exploring the different cities. Not only did this trip answer a lot of questions I had about the Brazilian economy, but I also gained new friends within the  program, and strengthened friendships with others in my Weekend Executive MBA class.  
		Weekend Executive MBA, Class of 2016	
		I work at Ingersoll Rand as a corporate development & investor relations analyst, and have...
John |
 John's 


The moment you arrive at Fuqua for your campus visit, you’ll have the ability to see how well the Admissions staff and student Admissions ambassadors work together to ensure your visit is as informative as possible. The campus visit allows you to experience Fuqua at its core, from its vibrant cultural atmosphere to its emphasis on team-based learning—something you can’t simply get out of a brochure.Here’s a checklist of what you should expect when you arrive:That is, if you plan to drive to campus. Like most universities parking at Duke can be difficult, especially if your visit coincides with a major university or sporting event. In order to minimize your risk of being late, you should plan on setting aside at least 15 to 20 minutes for parking. Use a ride-sharing service, such as Uber or LYFT, as an alternative to driving.If you plan to stay the night, you can also consider staying at the Millennium, Washington Duke, or J.B. Duke hotels—each located a few blocks from Fuqua. The Science Drive Visitor Lot is the closest parking lot to Fuqua, and directions can be accessed by visiting our site. Additionally, Admissions is now providing visitors with a parking code that will allow them to park in the Science Drive Visitor Lot free of charge during their visit.It’s located on the third floor of Fuqua’s Breeden Hall, by the entrance off Science Drive. It’s important to arrive at least 15 to 20 minutes before your designated admissions-related activity so you ensure you’re not late and can get settled in.A member of the admissions team (usually a Fuqua student) will escort you to the class in question. During the walk to class, feel free to ask any pressing questions about Fuqua, the campus culture, etc. Prior to class, be sure to turn off your cell phone, and find a seat in the back of the room.A lunch ticket will be provided by your Fuqua Admissions ambassador upon arriving at the Fox Center which houses the dining area. There, you will have quite a few options to choose from, ranging from salads, burgers, and rotisserie main course items. Take advantage of this opportunity to connect with current students and get their perspective on the student experience at Fuqua.If you registered for an interview, you’ll be interviewing with an Admissions staff member. Be sure to bring an extra copy of your resume with you to the visit. Also, don’t forget to prepare a list of questions you have for the interviewer.Take the visit seriously, but relax and enjoy your time on campus. It’s a great opportunity that will help you decide if Fuqua and the MMS program is a good fit for you.
		MMS: FOB, Class of 2017	
		Traveling frequently as a kid really impacted my sense of the world. I grew up...
Jon |
 Jon's 


“Why MMS?”“Why Fuqua?”They’re simple, but important questions that you’re probably asking as you explore graduate school options. And honestly, each student in our class might have a different answer. So let’s hear from the members of Section B, Team 11—including the perspectives of a college quarterback, a cheerleading mathematician, a Macedonian national champion in slalom skiing, a passionate teacher, and a dance scholar.“So once upon a time, somebody asked me what I liked most about Fuqua. Even though we had only been in school for three to four weeks, there were already so many different ways for me to answer this question. But there was one that stood out above all the rest. It’s the people. I am surrounded by some of the most unique people I have ever met. They come from all walks of life and all the corners of the world. I learn more outside of the classroom because of this, actually. Not because we have bad teachers or anything, they’re probably the best in the country honestly, but because we are all so different. Our cultures are different, our languages are different, and our values are probably different too. Despite these differences though, I have never been happier on Duke’s campus in my previous four years here. So why is Fuqua a good fit? Because you’re actually going to look forward to going to class and meeting with your group for a case. The people here are simply amazing. ‘Nough said.”“I chose Fuqua because of the emphasis on teamwork. Having the ability to work with others to accomplish a goal is vital in the workplace. Fuqua making this a key component of the MMS program demonstrates that the school is preparing its students for the future. My team is comprised of people that are completely different than me, which is a good thing because we all have different outlooks on assignments. This helps elevate the end product. Diversity is important to me. I enjoy learning about other cultures and engulfing myself in them. Fuqua gives me the opportunity to interact with people of varying backgrounds and continue to grow as a person.”“I always wanted to be part of a program that does not only strive for academic success, but provides an international environment that stimulates students to develop both their hard and soft skills. The MMS program looked like the perfect fit for me because it seemed like a program that encourages students to explore, broaden their horizons, and explore domains that are unknown for them all while working in motivating environment and where you’re exposed to constant learning. I saw it as a place where I will be able to be part of diverse and international environment and learn from people coming from different cultures. The more time I spend in this program the more convinced I am that I made the right decision.”“Every time I thought about grad school, I thought of an isolated study environment that only allowed you to leverage your own expertise and talents. Fuqua’s messaging about the MMS program was starkly different, and that pulled me towards it. My first week in the program we got put on an accounting case, and I was solving an actual business case problem with the quarterback of the Duke Football team, a Statistics major from the University of Virginia who is also passionate about dance, a national ski champion from Macedonia who spent one year as an exchange student at The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill majoring in Economics, and an African-American with a degree in mathematics from a liberal arts college in Ohio. All the stereotypes and fixed belief systems I had about people before my time at Duke were broken in the very first week, and I began to see the unique forms of excellence around me.The Master of Management Studies degree at the Fuqua School of Business is really a starting point. It’s a starting point to becoming a part of a family that values what you stand for and all the principles that make you unique. Your classmates will smile with you when you’re happy and will push you to think bigger when you’re facing setbacks. I came here looking to get skills and a good break into the consulting industry, and trust me I have a way deeper vision for myself now!”As an artist striving for a career in business, I have always wanted to study in a program that values individuals’ interests and dreams and that encourages the students to explore, expand, and embolden themselves. The moment I saw Fuqua’s application essay prompt ‘25 Random Things,’ I immediately felt that this program may be a place where I could be myself and where I could meet a lot of interesting souls. After a few months at Fuqua, I was confident that I made the right choice.Because of the diverse backgrounds and skills of the students in this program, I am able to constantly communicate with and learn from people who share different perspectives and specialties, and as a result, I have grown tremendously both in ways that I approach and solve a problem and in ways that I think and work with other people.
		MMS: FOB, Class of 2018	
		I'm Yilin “Kingston” Liu from Beijing, China. After running too many regressions and making too...
Kingston |
 Kingston's 


Did you know that Durham is ranked as one of the hottest food cities in the United States?If you’re in Durham for the first time, here is my idea of the perfect weekend agenda that will allow you try some of the city’s great restaurants.Have you ever heard of a combination of fried chicken and waffles? Well, I hadn’t until I became a Fuquan! It is amazing. You can choose from a selection of waffles and chicken with a choice of “shmear’ on the side. A shmear is a flavored sweet crème butter, and for me, it brought the whole dish together. Dame’s is one of the hottest places in Durham, so expect to wait for a table on the weekend.After a perfect brunch, how about handmade ice-cream? The Parlour is just across the street from Dame’s, so it’s the perfect spot for some dessert. There are a variety of choices from vegan chocolate to the sorbet of the day, so make sure to put this on your checklist!As a Korean who has traveled to and lived in 19 different countries, I know when I find a good Korean or Asian place. This is it! It’s a new restaurant in Durham, only about 10 minutes away from Fuqua. There is also a garden in the back with fancy sofas and beautiful lighting, so it’s a great place to go for dinner. Don’t hesitate to check it out! There are several fusion dishes like tacos, and I highly recommend the Bibimbap (rice with mixed vegetables and Korean spicy sauce) and Galbi (Korean short ribs).
		MMS: FOB, Class of 2018	
		I come from the dynamic Republic of Korea. My Education and Career At Ewha Womans...
Chloe |
 Chloe's 


I’ve worked with Wasserman, a sports marketing and talent management company, for just over two years now. I primarily work on the Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company account team helping manage their NFL, NASCAR, and golf sports sponsorships. My focus is on client hosting and hospitality, but I touch on all aspects of their sponsorship portfolios—from strategy and negotiation to partner and talent management, to event execution. I’ve been lucky enough to travel to different cities throughout the United States for my job.Because of the MMS program, I can confidently walk into a meeting outside my area of expertise and actively contribute to the conversation. With an undergraduate degree in communication studies with a concentration in documentary films, I quickly realized that if I wanted to elevate my personal brand and get my foot in the door with a great company, I needed a solid business background—and that’s exactly what I got from the MMS program.My greatest challenge at Wasserman? It’s the best part of my job—helping our brands be forward-thinking in sports marketing. Our clients come to us with a business objective in mind and give us carte blanche to bring their idea to fruition. With my Fuqua degree, I feel confident being creative, thinking outside the box, and dreaming up ways to stay ahead of the curve.I think it’s safe to say that the Fuqua network is the reason I landed my dream job. It was a Duke MBA alumnus and the phenomenal MMS program staff who were instrumental in facilitating meetings with Wasserman. But during the whole recruiting process, I took full advantage of meeting with Fuqua and Duke alumni across a variety of industries. Whether it was a quick phone call or an in-person meeting over coffee, both Fuqua and Duke alumni always made time for me.My top takeaway at Fuqua was understanding the power of networking authentically and creating a relationship, not just a LinkedIn connection. It sounds cliché, but I see it as I help with intern recruiting at Wasserman—that those who can build relationships organically have the greatest networking success.
		MMS: FOB, Class of 2014	
		I completed my undergraduate studies at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where...
Kat |
 Kat's 


Moving to Durham was one of the most nerve-wracking adventures I’ve ever undertaken. And if you’ve been admitted, chances are you’re feeling that gut-tingling mixture of nervousness and excitement too. Moving somewhere new can be daunting, but the key to overcoming your fears is finding a few fantastic places where you feel at home. In order to help get you started, I’ve compiled a list of my own favorite places that I’ve discovered here in Durham.I have always loved the outdoors, especially flowers, so it should come as no surprise that the first amazing place I discovered here at Duke was Duke Gardens. My discovery of these gardens was a happy accident; the serendipitous result of a classmate’s invitation to explore the Duke University campus. The garden is filled with extraordinary flowers, bridges, and landscapes that I would not have imagined to be so close to the school. Its grounds reminded me of home and helped ease my fears of fitting in at Fuqua. Today, I make it a point to stop by as often as possible and say hello to every dog that walks by.Speaking of walking, my next spot is just a few short minutes from not only Fuqua, but from many of the apartments that Fuqua students tend to live in as well. Sushi Love is by far my favorite sushi place I’ve come across in Durham. For those of you who don’t like sushi or are apprehensive about eating raw fish, not to worry! Sushi Love has much more to offer than its name alludes to. The restaurant’s prices are extremely student budget-friendly and I must admit, I eat here far more often than I probably should. All in all, there is no downside to Sushi Love and I would recommend it to sushi lovers and non-lovers alike.The final spot I will share with you is actually two places. I’ve decided to combine them because they are both bars and they happen to be right across the street from one another. The first of these places is called Bar Virgile and it’s located in downtown Durham. This bar may be small, but it’s packed with charm! One look at the brick interior will send you back in time to the speakeasies of the 1920s. The staff is incredibly friendly and they even have some small plates to share with friends. This bar is more upscale than some of the others you’ll find closer to campus, but the trip is definitely worth it and their frozen mojitos are fantastic!The second place is Quarter Horse Bar & Arcade. This magical place happens to host the city’s most extensive video game selection. Their pinball offerings are especially impressive. Even if you aren’t typically a fan of video games, this bar is a must-see. Many of the games are free and the ones that you do need to pay for are usually only 50 cents. They have a decent selection of beer and even have signature cocktails with clever names that are references to video games like “Dungeon Master.” If you are an avid video game lover or are just looking for a change in pace from the typical nightlife, Quarter Horse is the place for you.It may seem unlikely at first, but after a while, Duke and the Durham community will begin to feel like home. I didn’t expect to fit into this city or to feel the comradery I’ve experienced during my time here so soon. I found my home at Duke unexpectedly, and so will you. All you need to do is embrace a new adventure.
		MMS: FOB, Class of 2019	
		I'm originally from Montreal, Quebec, Canada, and I completed my undergraduate studies in the U.S....
Robyn |
 Robyn's 


Congratulations! You’ve been admitted by Fuqua and now you’re probably wondering what your next step should be. As an international student, moving to another country can be exciting but overwhelming! Here are some things that you can take care of before moving to Durham to make your arrival easier.Bring the I-20 issued by Duke—it should be sent to you a couple of months before school begins in July—to the U.S. Embassy in your country to get your visa.Get your vaccination record and check and see if you have completed Duke’s immunization requirements prior to your arrival on campus.The Heights at Lasalle, The Belmont, and the Lofts at Lakeview are the most common apartment locations where MMS students choose to live. With a 20-minute walk or 5-minute drive, you’ll be able to get to Fuqua from these places. Additionally, living close to your classmates makes it easier for you to meet with your team for group discussions. These apartments are in high demand, so make sure you get on the waitlist as soon as possible!Once you’ve found out where you’re living, search and contact Duke Energy for your electrical needs and Spectrum for internet. But check with your apartment complex first for guidance in case it has specific requirements or a special package for residents.If you’re coming in from Raleigh-Durham International Airport, the fastest way to get to Durham can be to use Uber or Lyft. Make sure you have access to the Internet and those ridesharing apps on your phone and you’ll be all set.If you don’t already own business attire, there’s always Southpoint Mall that’s only a 15-minute drive from Fuqua. Duke List and the “Fuqua for Sale” Facebook group are some good places to look for used furniture. Of course, you can always order new ones online and have them delivered to your door upon your arrival.The to-do list should be mailed to you with your acceptance packet. It’s very important to follow it and the guidance of the Admissions department. And one final thing—try to connect with other incoming students before arriving at Duke. Moving and adapting to another country is a lot easier when you have friends by your side from the beginning!
		MMS: FOB, Class of 2018	
		I was born in Taiwan and lived there almost all my life except for the...
Melody |
 Melody's 


When reflecting on my time in the MMS program, there is no doubt that my involvement with the  clubs at Fuqua shaped a major part of my experience. After being in the ‘real world’ for a few years working at food and beverage companies, I relished the opportunity to be back in an academic environment, surrounded by a community that facilitated interactions among like-minded peers.My interest in the food space blossomed during undergrad, when I studied nutrition and public health and gained some volunteer and research experiences. I wanted to use my MMS education to gain foundational business knowledge to go back and apply to the food industry. I knew that the Food & Agriculture Club would be a good vehicle for meeting other students with similar interests, most of whom had more experience than me and would be great sources of knowledge and connectors in the industry.I attended the initial meeting, where students were encouraged to apply for leadership positions, but I found out that only MBAs were eligible for them. I approached the president afterward and asked if there was any way I could get involved as an MMS student. As a result, the MMS representative position was created.As MMS representative, my primary goal was to serve as a liaison between MMS and MBA students, encourage MMS students to get involved and promote the club’s various activities. In addition, I had a voice at every cabinet meeting and was able to aid in the curriculum design for our events and workshops. These included a joint event with the Wine Club at a local organic wine bar, a panel discussion on the future of food, and a workshop aiming to help prepare first-year MBAs for their summer internships in the food space. One of the workshop case studies even led me to my current position! Although many members of the club have graduated, our GroupMe is still active—where we share relevant articles and documentaries—and the new leadership team keeps us up-to-date on happenings for the coming year.In addition to the Food & Ag Club, I was also involved in the Tennis Club. I attended weekly practices, had the opportunity to represent Fuqua when we played against UNC Kenan-Flagler, and was a part of the inaugural Darden Cup, a joint tennis tournament between Duke’s Fuqua, UVA’s Darden, and Dartmouth’s Tuck business schools. Interacting with MBAs in a setting outside of the school environment helped facilitate a deeper relationship amongst our programs. When it came down to choosing between jobs at the end of the school year, my MBA friends were instrumental in assessing all of my opportunities and guiding me towards the best decision.All in all, my involvement with clubs at Fuqua connected me with a network of like-minded individuals, allowed me to gain lifelong friends and mentors, and helped develop a relationship between the different programs to build a stronger, more unified Fuqua family.
		MMS: FOB, Class of 2018	
		I grew up in Wilmington, North Carolina, and graduated from The University of North Carolina at...
Emily |
 Emily's 


At Fuqua, we wholeheartedly believe our community grows stronger as our diversity increases. Thus, we intentionally seek to build a diverse student population—one that’s truly representative across experiences, backgrounds, cultures, beliefs, nationalities, citizenships, and various demographics. Our goal is to broaden collective perspective and facilitate more innovative thought and discussion in your program.International students are a vital part of our Fuqua community. Because our current MMS: FOB class represents 29 countries, while our MMS: DKU class represents 16, we understand some of the challenges and obstacles international students sometimes face as they acclimate to a new school, a new environment, and a new culture.  Here are some resources to help smooth your transition—tools for everything from helping you navigate the visa process to assisting with your adjustment to life in a new country.We have several options for international students looking for help financing their MMS degree, and all Fuqua students are eligible for merit-based scholarships. We also offer loan programs for international students, including programs that do not require a U.S. cosigner. Check out this detailed guide to financial aid and a list of FAQs.Have questions about the student visa application process? Duke Visa Services has a dedicated team who can help you ensure you don’t miss any steps when applying for your student visa.Once you’re here, Duke’s International House has a variety of support services available to you, including help applying for a driver’s license and social security number, finding housing, and connecting with a network of international graduate students for advice and support.You’ll also find opportunities to connect with other international students at Fuqua and share your culture through clubs and other interest groups. Durham and its neighboring cities Raleigh and Chapel Hill make up “The Triangle,” a bustling metro area. The Triangle attracts many expat communities thanks to international corporations based in Research Triangle Park and a strong network of universities in the region. You can connect with other international professionals through organizations like the Japan America Society and the North Carolina Hispanic Chamber of Commerce.The Triangle is also home to many cultural festivals and events throughout the year, including the NC International Festival, Cary Diwali Celebration, and the Bimbé Cultural Arts Festival.Our Career Management Center (CMC) advisors coach you through finding the right position after graduation. Advisors work closely with students, guiding you to identify opportunities, develop relationships with organizations, and land an offer. To what extent will you have access to employment in the U.S. in the current environment? We can help you understand current challenges, identify employment opportunities that have historically been available to international graduates, develop strategies tailored to your interests, and guide you through visa sponsorship for working in the U.S. after graduation.  A successful career search requires a lot of work, but our process is thorough, methodical, and tailored to your ambitions.Overall you’ll find a welcoming and supportive community here at Fuqua while also building the skills you need to become a global leader in your industry. We look forward to seeing you soon!
		Associate Dean for Admissions	
		I joined Fuqua as associate dean for Admissions in October 2017, having long admired Duke...
Shari |
 Shari's 


Attending Fuqua was both exhilarating and intimidating at the same time.Cultivating strong and lasting relationships has always been something I strive to do wherever I am. Therefore, from the moment I started the program I wanted to interact with as many people as I could. Given the diverse population at Fuqua, I knew I was guaranteed exposure to so many people from all over the world. And that is part of the reason why I was interested in getting involved with the Black and Latino MBA Organization (BLMBAO) and Business in Africa (BIA) club. Here’s how I contributed and what I gained.First, it helped me be intentional about engaging myself and those around me. It’s easy to get swept up in the frenzy of networking, job searching, case studies, etc. However, for me it was just as essential to take the time to challenge myself, grow, and really get to know others in the Fuqua community. I felt that engaging with  clubs would give me space where I could further cultivate my poise and proper deportment. Being a part of both the BLMBAO and BIA club just worked for me. They discussed some of the most challenging things in society and created an environment where we could be open and inquisitive at the same time. It worked for me because I wanted the chance to be a part of a community of students who took the time to learn from each other’s successes and failures. These groups provided a support system—a pillar of strength during my time at Fuqua.Secondly, my involvement in both clubs gave me the opportunity to work with the s. BLMBAO paired MMS students in the club with mentors and people who were genuinely passionate about our growth during the 10 months we have at Fuqua. And as a part of the BIA Special Events Cabinet, I managed to play a vital role in the organization and execution of the BIA Conference which went on to win Duke’s “Curl Blackman Graduate Organization of the Year.”Lastly, the chance to interact with minority alumni who had been a part of these clubs was truly phenomenal. BIA & BLMBAO alumni are working towards being leaders of consequence, and that inspires me.Through my engagement with these Fuqua clubs, I learned a lot about myself—including that my love for connecting on a meaningful level with those around me is real and pure. My advice is that whether it’s BIA or BLMBAO or another club or student organization, be true to yourself and join a community of people with whom you share a passion. Have an authentic interest in those around you, and you will soon find yourself surrounded by people always ready to rally around you, prep you for a job interview, grab a cup of coffee, or go on an impromptu 10-mile hike.  Can’t stop! Won’t stop!!! We just won the Curt Blackman Graduate organization award for the work we do @dukefuqua and @dukeuniversity #2018A post shared by  Duke Business In Africa (@dukefuquabia) on Apr 14, 2018 at 6:15pm PDT
		MMS: FOB, Class of 2018	
		I was born and raised in Zimbabwe and first came to the U.S. for my...
Rufaro |
 Rufaro's 


Here’s my tried and tested advice as an MMS graduate.In my experience, there are three key reasons to do this.Durham has a lot to offer outside of campus. If you like eating new foods and drinking good beer, downtown Durham has a more mature bar and restaurant scene than some of the undergrad hangouts. This comes in handy if you need a break from the usual routine at Shooters. Attending some Durham Bulls games are a must for any baseball or sports fans. And the Duke Lemur center is home to the world’s largest and most diverse collection of Lemurs outside of Madagascar. Check out some more ideas of fun things to do in Durham here.Actively participating in class, asking for feedback on your work, and taking the time to learn key concepts will determine much of the value you actually get from the courses themselves.With a limited allocation of the highest grades up for grabs, it’s easy to get caught up in the competitive environment of school. With that said, I would fight any potential urge to pit yourself against your classmates and rather seek out ways to collaborate with them. Not only will it feel good when you help someone learn a new concept, but I can guarantee it will pay off when the tables turn and your classmate now offers to return the favor in a course you’re not as strong in.During the first week of class, Steve Misuraca, program director at the time, explained that if we wanted to make the most of the MMS program we should burn the boats. What Steve was referencing was a Viking war tactic where they would sail to attack a foreign land and then burn their own boats before attacking. This established the mentality that the only way they could succeed was by fully committing to their goal. There was no option but to throw themselves completely into their endeavor. Only after they won their battle could they establish a village in their new land and begin building ships to bring the riches back home. This analogy has stuck with me ever since that day, and I believe it to be the best advice I could relay to the next generation of MMS students.
		MMS: FOB, Class of 2017	
		Prior to Fuqua Before beginning undergrad studies, I lived most of my life a short 20-minute...
Ryan |
 Ryan's 


Now that the presentation that you and your team just spent nine hours preparing together is finished, you find yourself craving a wonderfully relaxing Saturday. What should you do and where should you go?Watching Netflix at home, dancing Zumba with your fellow classmates, or playing Super Smash Bros. with your unbelievably competitive and adept friends—while there are a thousand good ways to relax, if you would like to spend an afternoon chilling in Durham, walking around and tasting what the city has to offer, I may have just the right places for you.“I just woke up and I’m starving.”The fact that it’s not the easiest name to pronounce (“google-hoopf”) has not stopped the restaurant from becoming one of my favorite brunch places. The innovative German cuisine and the inviting eating ambiance always make the perfect ingredients for a beautiful Saturday morning. After the meal, don’t forget to visit the Guglhupf bakery for some desserts, such as their famous passion fruit cheesecake. Satisfaction guaranteed.“I ate too much and I need a walk.”After the delicious meal at Guglhupf, not surprisingly you’ve eaten too much again. If you’re looking for a good place to take a walk, Sarah P. Duke Gardens is definitely the spot. It consists of four distinct gardens: Blomquist Garden of Native Plants, Asiatic Arboretum, Doris Duke Center Gardens, and Terrace & Historic Gardens. While there are many nice attractions in the four gardens, my personal favorite is the Garden Pond in the Asiatic Arboretum, because that’s where the ducks are.“You’re never too old for afternoon drinks.”After your walk through the gardens, you decide to go for some more tasty experiences. If you’re a gin person, head down to Durham Distillery and go for either a quick orientation of their offerings at the bar or a behind-the-scenes tour for both a glance at the facility and a taste of their craft spirits. You’ll be experiencing a few types of award-winning gins and three unique dessert liquors. They are different, beautiful, and just enough to get you warm but not dizzy.And if you’re craving some cider, a 20-minute walk will take you to Bull City Ciderworks, where you can select from over 30 types of cider. My friend and I each chose a flight—a sampling of any five flavors of your choice for only $10—and it was really worth it.Happy exploring Durham, friends.
		MMS: FOB, Class of 2018	
		I'm Yilin “Kingston” Liu from Beijing, China. After running too many regressions and making too...
Kingston |
 Kingston's 


Let’s take a closer look at three courses from the MMS: FOB program that really made an impact on me. Not sure how many music festival tickets your company should sell on a Saturday with unpredictable attendance and unknown weather? Can’t decide if you should take a job offer because of many layers of uncertainty? You’re in the right place.Spreadsheet Modeling and Decision Analysis is hands down one of the most intriguing and applicable classes I took at Fuqua. Using Microsoft Excel and a few modeling plug-ins, this course aims to help students develop “a systematic approach to model and analyze complex decisions so we can avoid the various pitfalls to which we as humans fall prey.”I personally found this course incredibly helpful because it breaks down complex questions into pieces and guides students to address difficult and uncertain factors in decision-making with logic and numbers. I hope future students will find their journey in this course as challenging, yet rewarding as I did.Can a philosophy class possibly be included in a business school curriculum? Here it is.Foundations of Management and Organizations aims to “prepare you to be an effective leader, group member, and manager of others regardless of your career path and to be a good analyst of how best to organize people.”What’s fascinating about the class is that besides the managerial, psychological, and sociological knowledge offered, it also teaches you ideas highly useful in life. Examples include how having people on your team who disagree with you will help the entire team, and why constantly developing one’s worldview is important for overcoming biases. By hinting at and revealing the wisdom hidden in scenarios common in the workplace and in life, this course offers you many “Aha!” moments of epiphany. Soon enough, you’ll find yourself understanding many things you never considered before. Whereas other classes make you smarter, this one makes you wiser.“Dude, I’ve taken economics three times before. Why do I have to take it again at Fuqua?” Honestly, that was my first thought when I saw this course. But after only one week in the class, I began to enjoy and value it.Fundamentals of Business Economics covers concepts of microeconomics and serves as a foundation for the courses in finance, marketing, strategy, and accounting, among others, that come later in the year. What separates it from all my previous economics courses is that it really brings theories into the business setting by integrating highly relevant real-world events with the course topics and analyzing them using economics and business knowledge.Even today, I still vividly remember all the bundle pricing examples, price discrimination schemes, and the Disney-related jokes that Professor Ryan McDevitt told us.
		MMS: FOB, Class of 2018	
		I'm Yilin “Kingston” Liu from Beijing, China. After running too many regressions and making too...
Kingston |
 Kingston's 


OK prospective students, we know. You’ve wondered and don’t want to ask. How do you say our school’s name?Full confession here: I’m the assistant dean of the Daytime program and an alumnus, but I also wasn’t sure how to say it when I applied! Is it Foo-qua? Fu-qway? Few-ca? We’ve heard every version, including pronunciations we can’t repeat. It’s one of the most common questions people wonder, so we made the video below to help. Spoiler alert—it’s pronounced “Few-kwa.”A bonus for saying it right is that our alumni will love you. They take pride in the correct pronunciation. Also, a fun fact: the voices in the video are all connected with our school. Here they are in order of appearance:I hope to see you soon at “Few-kwa,” and in the meantime, practice that pronunciation! 
		Assistant Dean,  Program	
		I've worked at Fuqua since graduating from the  program in 2009 and currently serve...
Steve |
 Steve's 


Life is a balancing act, and perhaps business school recruiting season is one of the most challenging times to manage academic work, the job search, social life, and personal responsibilities. One of the benefits of being an MMS student is understanding that you’re not alone—you’re surrounded by a cohort of intelligent students experiencing the same type of stress. And one healthy way to cope with stress is to go on a hike with friends!One fond memory I have from the fall is when some of my MMS: DKU classmates and I took a trip to Hanging Rock State Park. It’s about two hours from Durham, north of Winston-Salem in the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains. Our trip began on Sunday morning at Sarah’s apartment as the central meeting point, and from there we all made the drive to the site.As a city gal, it was wonderful and breathtaking to witness the expansive amount of undeveloped land and endless stretches of roads. I even saw a herd of cattle, which is a foreign sight to me. Growing up in New York City, I’ve become accustomed to the concrete jungle and its sounds of fire truck sirens and taxis honking viciously at one another—and this was a relaxing change of pace from all that noise. Once we arrived, we briskly began to hike the trail. The fresh fall air, luscious green leaves, and vibrant blue skies were all indicators that this was going to be an awesome experience. My classmates and I were all relaxed and struck by the beautiful view at the top of the mountain. There I stood, with a bird’s eye view upon a sturdy mountain surrounded by the kindest, most driven and warmest people I’ve ever met. I also realized that academics shouldn’t consume one’s entire life. It should be a balancing act between enjoying the precious moments you’re able to spend with each other during the short duration of the program and working hard to learn as much as you can!  
		MMS: DKU, Class of 2018	
		I was born and raised in New York City and in 2016 graduated from Trinity...
Kristina |
 Kristina's 


The MMS program is a balance, with coursework, job recruiting, and other factors constantly competing as areas of focus. The hard work paid off, and I’m thrilled to have recently accepted a job in management consulting with PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory in Dallas, Texas. Here’s a little of how my job search went:I networked with several people within PwC Advisory and ultimately was fortunate enough to receive a referral. From there, I was able to apply through a referral pipeline which streamlined the application process. In between each stage, I talked to as many MMS alumni who had received an offer in previous years as I could which helped me the role and the company. I could not have made it through the consulting recruiting process without the help of the Career Management Center (CMC). My career coach, Lisa, really helped me navigate the process and showed me all the case interview resources available for Fuqua students to use and prepare. Additionally, the Career Advisor for MMS (CAM) program exceeded my expectations, and the guidance from not only my CAM but also people he referred me to was instrumental in my interview preparation.Don’t view rejections from companies as failures, and don’t be afraid to ask for help. I was rejected from the first five companies I applied to and was just about ready to throw in the towel. However, everything happens for a reason, and once I took a deep breath and asked for help, everything changed. There are so many people at Fuqua who are willing to help you throughout this overwhelming process, and they can make all the difference! 
		MMS: FOB, Class of 2018	
		I'm from Tampa, Florida, and graduated from the University of Florida in 2017 with a...
Lindsey |
 Lindsey's 


Team Fuqua. It’s a term you constantly hear in our community. Ask for a definition and a hundred people will tell you a hundred stories to illustrate what it means to them.Synthesizing these stories, in my view, and more importantly, in the eyes of the corporate community, Team Fuqua is a way of working. It’s the instinct to draw out strengths in others to move a team forward toward a common goal. It’s core to our DNA, and the drive to develop that instinct in our community infuses everything we do. That instinct also helps our alumni excel in companies all over the world.Why is the Team Fuqua style of working so impactful? There is a saying of disputed origin: “To go fast, go alone. To go far, go together.” We have nothing against individual success—it’s important. However, a great team will always beat a great individual, no matter how talented. We would go a step further and say that the more diverse that team, the better the results. Academic research has shown that diverse teams outperform ones in which members are all alike—if each member identifies with the team and has a sense of belonging.Therefore, we believe that it’s essential that future business leaders be able to unlock the power that lies in difference. Bringing out the best in others isn’t just a nice approach to work, it’s a winning business strategy. In fact, it’s the secret sauce to meaningful collaboration that leads to true innovation. Innovation happens when people who have differing perspectives and experiences come together to approach problems and new thinking emerges. Harnessing the power of teams requires leadership that appreciates the strength in difference and encourages authenticity so everyone is bringing their full self to the team. That commitment to valuing difference is at the heart of Team Fuqua.Let me give you an example of Team Fuqua in action.A few years back a research firm interviewed several recruiters about the value of Fuqua graduates. One of the companies shared the following. At a certain stage in this firm’s recruiting process, the best candidates are brought together and given a problem to solve. Because it’s a job interview, each candidate naturally tries to position the exercise in a way that highlights his or her own strengths. However, the recruiter shared that Fuqua students are very different. Instead of pointing to their own capabilities, they focus on figuring out what each of the other people participating in the exercise brings to the table that can make the team successful. Fuqua students start with building relationships and finding the best way to solve the problem collectively.The recruiter highly valued that approach. Ironically, by allowing other people to shine the Fuqua candidates were the brightest stars in the eyes of this company. We’ve heard similar stories from companies all over the globe.We’re proud that our graduates are the leaders people want to work for—the ones that capture the hearts, minds, and hands of the organization. Team Fuqua isn’t a tagline or marketing scheme—it’s a way of working that is making a difference well beyond our own community.
		Dean	
		I feel lucky every day to be dean and have the opportunity to lead this...
Bill |
 Bill's 


A large number of MMS students prepare for consulting recruitment and, accordingly, Fuqua provides a myriad of ways to shed light on those careers. The annual Accenture Case Competition is an opportunity for students to take on the role of consultants, not only by collaborating as a team to thoroughly analyze a real-life business problem but also by presenting an innovative solution to a panel of judges from Accenture.Twenty teams of four or five MMS students participated in this exercise to develop our problem-solving skills and gain invaluable case experience. With the winning team given the highest consideration for first-round interviews, a dinner with an Accenture executive, and an Accenture coach to provide guidance throughout the recruiting process, we were all motivated to win.First and foremost, my past experiences competing in case competitions as an undergraduate student and my time at Fuqua have taught me that being a good team player is crucial. Success in group projects demands a well-rounded, multi-disciplinary team, and the team’s synergy is critical for ensuring that teammates will complement and even amplify each other’s assets. Thus, it was important for me to find MMS students who had varying areas of expertise and were fully committed to the project. Furthermore, ever since my first case competition, I have strived to work with new team members, in novel settings—there is always something to learn from each person. This case competition served as a wonderful chance to reach out beyond the MMS team we were assigned to for classes and build relationships with other classmates.A tip that I want to share with future MMS students is that it’s key to have at least one team member who is very confident with working on financials. At the end of the day, the cases are based on business problems and so we need to show that the solutions are backed up by solid numbers.In the kickoff event, competitors were told that teams would be given one week to create a five-slide PowerPoint presentation that followed Accenture’s issue-based problem-solving methodology tools. The slide deck needed to exhibit three components: defining the problem, solving the problem, and communicating the answer.I want to emphasize that slide deck skills should not be underrated. In the first round, teams are only given five slides to impress the judges. The more time and effort you place on refining how your slides look, the more likely your deck will stand out. As much as the content is important, if the communication of that content is not up to par, the value of the solution can be lost.Once the four finalist teams were announced, each was paired with a current Accenture consultant who provided feedback, offered suggestions, and shared insights about consulting at the company. The advice that our mentor gave us was extremely useful as he was a past contestant of the same annual case competition when he was an MMS student. During our hour-long Skype call, he spoke in detail and it was clear he genuinely wanted to support us as a mentor, not only for this competition but for our recruiting process in the future. This was an extraordinary moment that helped me confirm the Fuqua family is a real network in which we genuinely care for each other and offer help when we can.Overall, the Accenture Case Competition was a valuable experience that invigorated my interest in pursuing a career in consulting. My teammates and I thoroughly enjoyed working together and were certainly challenged by the unexpected during the business case. The thought process, research, and analysis we had to conduct were all tremendously interesting. Moreover, even though presenting on the Geneen auditorium stage was terrifying at first, it turned out to be a thrilling experience that I will never forget.Holding the case competition in the summer term serves as a great introduction to the fall consulting recruiting season, and so I strongly recommend prospective MMS students participate and gain a feel for what a career in consulting may entail. Best of luck!
		MMS: FOB, Class of 2018	
		Prior to Fuqua I was born in South Korea but moved to Hong Kong when...
Soo |
 Soo's 


I recently attended my third consecutive Fuqua Around the World networking event, but this one was different. It was my first as an MMS alumnus and my first without the two people who became my best friends during our time at Fuqua.The friendship began in 2016, at Fuqua Around the World in New Delhi. Madhav and I had already connected and were considering becoming roommates. There we met Dilnaman, who like us, had been accepted to Fuqua’s MMS program in the Class of 2017.We spent the evening talking about visa processes, potential places to live in Durham, and other things we would need to do to prepare for our upcoming year at Fuqua. The event also afforded us the opportunity connect with alumni, who had suggestions and helpful tips about living in Durham.This was my first interaction with Fuquans, and I met everyone from fellow admitted students to recent graduates to veteran alumni. In my conversations, I realized that every person in the room was a brilliant individual doing amazing work in the field of his or her choice. They also shared a strong sense of belonging and togetherness, and I felt grateful I had an invitation to be a part of that. Looking back, it was a preview of what was to come.Once at Fuqua, Madhav and I did become roommates, while Dilnaman became our neighbor. During the program we were each other’s closest supporters—we celebrated our wins and successes with each other, and we were there for each other during the lows. We also decided to keep a tradition going and attended the 2017 Fuqua Around the World in Durham. This gave us the chance to see the event in a different city and to connect with  students and local alumni. Because we were all looking for jobs at that point, it was a valuable networking opportunity, and a few follow-up calls resulted from connections we made there.Networks are built and friendships are made at Fuqua Around the World. #MMS17 #FuquaATW #teamfuqua #durhamcelebrationA post shared by  Fuqua Alumni Relations (@fuquaalumni) on Mar 30, 2017 at 4:06pm PDTAfter graduating, we all ended up in New York, where Dilnaman and I were working as investment banking analysts and Madhav as a finance consultant. Despite busy work schedules, we all made the time to meet up at least once a week. Often we’d go to the Uncommons, a board game café, to relive our times at Fuqua when we’d meet in the clubhouse of The Belmont Apartments to play board games.Late last year, I took a consulting position with the same firm where Madhav works, and I was placed in Portland, Oregon. But because the friendship among the three of us had started in India and traveled all the way to Durham, I wasn’t worried. After graduating from Fuqua, I am privileged to have so many cherished friends, but these two continue to remain my strongest. Now that I’ve moved, our friendship continues with the same intensity, and we’ve both booked cross-country flights to see one another. We also have plans to attend the Fuqua alumni reunion in April.While I was missing Madhav and Dilnaman at Fuqua Around the World this year, it was still a great experience and gave me the chance to meet Fuquans in an area that’s relatively new to me. I hope that newcomers to Fuqua Around the World in future years will also experience the warm, welcoming atmosphere of the Fuqua community that I have been so lucky to be a part of for several years now. And you never know—maybe some of the connections you make there will turn into friendships that last a lifetime. 
		MMS: FOB, Class of 2017	
		I come from the city of New Delhi, India, having pursued my undergraduate in computer...
Anagh |
 Anagh's 


There are a lot of things that make Duke special—the quality of the academics, the gothic architecture, the proximity to other schools—but one thing stands above the rest.Basketball.I always tell people that I was brainwashed at birth—I’ve been a Duke basketball fan for longer than I can remember. I was fortunate enough to be an undergrad at Duke when we won the National Championship in 2015, and I still maintain that it was the best day of my life. The energy and excitement on campus that day was unlike anything I’ve ever experienced.Like the university itself, Duke basketball is steeped in tradition. Whether it be “hexing” opposing players when they’re inbounding the ball, or camping out to get tickets to games, there is truly nothing better. As Fuqua students, we get to participate in two unique aspects of the Duke basketball tradition. The first is Campout, which takes place in September. Grad students from all the schools set up tents and RVs in one of the university parking lots in order to get their names entered in a lottery for season tickets. It sounds crazy, but it was one of the highlights of the fall for me! Campout was a great bonding experience and allowed me to meet students in other schools who I otherwise would not have known. I was also lucky enough to get tickets, which made the whole experience even more exciting!The second unique aspect of the Duke basketball tradition in which Fuqua students get to participate is free-throw distraction. If you’ve ever watched a Duke game on TV, you’ve probably noticed the mass of fans behind the basket waving their arms in a coordinated pattern and shouting when a player from the opposing team shoots free-throws. That’s our grad student section, and we take this unique privilege very seriously. Often times people cheer louder when an opposing player misses a free-throw than when a Duke player makes one. The free-throw distraction mechanisms are just one of many fun and funny in-game traditions. It’s hard not to get swept up in the excitement of it all!The most important Duke basketball tradition is our rivalry with that other school just eight miles down the road—The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. The Duke-Carolina rivalry is unlike any other in college basketball because of the proximity of the two schools and the tradition of excellence each basketball program has. The day of the Duke-Carolina game in Durham is always my favorite of the year. Much like the day of the 2015 National Championship, there is an incredible energy on campus, and the game serves to bring everyone together in opposition to a common enemy. You simply cannot beat the enthusiasm and camaraderie on campus on game day. It epitomizes what makes Duke so special—the vivacity of its students, the cohesion of its student body, and just how much everyone loves the school.Go Devils!
		MMS: FOB, Class of 2018	
		I've lived all over the country but call Sun Valley, Idaho, home. Now that I'm...
Frannie |
 Frannie's 


When looking into graduate school options, one does not usually take into account the caliber of the area’s food. However, when looking at Duke, food should definitely factor into your decision!Durham offers a wide array of gastronomic options, ranging from cult favorite hole in the wall Mexican restaurants to high-end gourmet spots. I’ve compiled a list of some of my favorite restaurants in Durham, and divided them into three categories: high-end restaurants, appropriate for big occasions (like your parents visiting!); fun restaurants for dates or casual nights out; and quick, everyday eats.If you ask someone at Duke what their favorite Durham restaurant is, Mateo is almost always the answer. Located downtown, the restaurant offers a wide array of Spanish-style tapas with a southern twist. My personal favorite dish is the Queso Frito y Huevo, an egg surrounded by crispy manchego cheese and served over charred green beans. Mateo has something for everyone and serves it all in a unique, urban environment. I would definitely suggest Mateo for when your parents come to town.Mothers & Sons is a new Duke favorite from the same restaurant family as Mateo—and situated directly next door. Mothers & Sons was so popular when it opened that you couldn’t get a reservation for six months! It’s well worth the hype. The restaurant serves regional Italian dishes using seasonal ingredients, with a focus on handmade pasta. Mothers & Sons isn’t your typical Italian restaurant—its dishes are more like tapas than heavy pasta dishes. The restaurant has a simple and elegant atmosphere, making it a perfect spot for a date or special dinner.If you’re searching for delicious Mediterranean food, seafood, and great cocktails, Parizade is the place to go. It has a very diverse menu that really has something for everything, and I would encourage all visitors to try things outside of their comfort zone. Many of the items on the menu sound intimidating but are absolutely delicious. My personal favorites are the Lemon Tagliatelle and Chargrilled Salmon. The cocktails and wine list at Parizade is also excellent—the Opa! is a must-have. Parizade is also an ideal spot for larger groups looking for a great meal paired with great drinks.Located next to Parizade and from the same owner, Local 22 offers a great taste of Southern cooking. The restaurant has a unique vibe, bringing together modern, southern, and farmhouse charm. One of its specialties is its ever-changing mac and cheese. Their signature flavor changes every night, and I’ve never had a bad combination. Local 22’s hushpuppies are also a must have—they’re a bit more gourmet than those that you might find at other restaurants in Durham, but are absolutely delicious. Local 22’s menu offers something for everyone, making it a great place for a casual night out with friends.There are a number of great pizza places in the city, but Pompieri is the most unique to Durham. The restaurant is situated in an old firehouse, and a wall of plants and aquariums greet visitors as they enter. The most unique feature, however, is the way Pizza is cut. Instead of slicing it before serving, Pompieri provides scissors so that you can snip your pizza any way you like. The immense fun that comes from cutting pizza with scissors is not to be outdone by the quality of the dishes. Pompieri is a great spot for those with dietary restrictions—they offer a great gluten-free crust and many vegan options.There are a lot of delicious burger joints in the Durham area, and Bull City Burger—owned by the same folks as Pompieri—is my personal favorite. The restaurant’s space is really cool! They have a brewery in-house, and great outdoor seating that can be used throughout the year. Their fantastic menu offers many ways to customize the burger, bun, toppings, and even fries! I personally recommend the sweet potato fries—they’re covered in cinnamon sugar and are absolutely to die for. If you’re looking for a good burger (or hot dog) at a good price in a fun atmosphere, Bull City Burger is the place to go.Another Duke favorite, Happy & Hale serves a wide variety of healthy meals and snacks. It offers excellent breakfast options, ranging from gourmet banana toast to acai bowls to egg scrambles. Happy & Hale is best known, however, for its salads. There are endless possibilities when it comes to creating the perfect bowl, and the staff can be a great resource for discovering new combinations. A combination of avocado and balsamic vinaigrettes was recommended to me and it’s become my go-toto dressing combination. If you’re looking for a quick, healthy pick-me-up, Happy & Hale is the place to go.Chipotle fanatics, rejoice! Durham has a Peruvian version of everyone’s favorite Mexican chain and in my opinion, it’s even better. Like Chipotle, Guasaca offers customizable bowls with a variety of meats, beans, and salsas. Its differentiating factors are the wider variety of toppings and the fact that it offers arepas instead of burritos. Arepas are an awesome alternative to tortillas, consisting of a soft corn cake stuffed with the same fillings you would find in a burrito. They’re absolutely delicious. Guasaca provides items like plantains and grilled onions to add to bowls or arepas, giving its dishes a different flavor than similar offerings at other restaurants. If you’re looking for a quick, easy alternative for Chipolte, Guasaca is your place.A list of Durham’s best restaurants would be incomplete without mention of Duke students’ favorite Mexican hole-in-the-wall. Cosmic is located above a dance studio, so to get to the restaurant you walk up a hallway covered in graffiti. The guacamole and queso are definitely worth it! The best part about Cosmic is its hours. It’s open until 5:00 AM, seven days a week, which is great when you need a late night snack coming home from the library (or Shooters!). It may not live up to its slogan of being “The Best Mexican Food on the Planet” but it’s a Durham classic.
		MMS: FOB, Class of 2018	
		I've lived all over the country but call Sun Valley, Idaho, home. Now that I'm...
Frannie |
 Frannie's 


“Why MMS?”“Why Fuqua?”They’re simple, but important questions that you’re probably asking as you explore graduate school options. And honestly, each student in our class might have a different answer. So let’s hear from the members of Section B, Team 11—including the perspectives of a college quarterback, a cheerleading mathematician, a Macedonian national champion in slalom skiing, a passionate teacher, and a dance scholar.“So once upon a time, somebody asked me what I liked most about Fuqua. Even though we had only been in school for three to four weeks, there were already so many different ways for me to answer this question. But there was one that stood out above all the rest. It’s the people. I am surrounded by some of the most unique people I have ever met. They come from all walks of life and all the corners of the world. I learn more outside of the classroom because of this, actually. Not because we have bad teachers or anything, they’re probably the best in the country honestly, but because we are all so different. Our cultures are different, our languages are different, and our values are probably different too. Despite these differences though, I have never been happier on Duke’s campus in my previous four years here. So why is Fuqua a good fit? Because you’re actually going to look forward to going to class and meeting with your group for a case. The people here are simply amazing. ‘Nough said.”“I chose Fuqua because of the emphasis on teamwork. Having the ability to work with others to accomplish a goal is vital in the workplace. Fuqua making this a key component of the MMS program demonstrates that the school is preparing its students for the future. My team is comprised of people that are completely different than me, which is a good thing because we all have different outlooks on assignments. This helps elevate the end product. Diversity is important to me. I enjoy learning about other cultures and engulfing myself in them. Fuqua gives me the opportunity to interact with people of varying backgrounds and continue to grow as a person.”“I always wanted to be part of a program that does not only strive for academic success, but provides an international environment that stimulates students to develop both their hard and soft skills. The MMS program looked like the perfect fit for me because it seemed like a program that encourages students to explore, broaden their horizons, and explore domains that are unknown for them all while working in motivating environment and where you’re exposed to constant learning. I saw it as a place where I will be able to be part of diverse and international environment and learn from people coming from different cultures. The more time I spend in this program the more convinced I am that I made the right decision.”“Every time I thought about grad school, I thought of an isolated study environment that only allowed you to leverage your own expertise and talents. Fuqua’s messaging about the MMS program was starkly different, and that pulled me towards it. My first week in the program we got put on an accounting case, and I was solving an actual business case problem with the quarterback of the Duke Football team, a Statistics major from the University of Virginia who is also passionate about dance, a national ski champion from Macedonia who spent one year as an exchange student at The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill majoring in Economics, and an African-American with a degree in mathematics from a liberal arts college in Ohio. All the stereotypes and fixed belief systems I had about people before my time at Duke were broken in the very first week, and I began to see the unique forms of excellence around me.The Master of Management Studies degree at the Fuqua School of Business is really a starting point. It’s a starting point to becoming a part of a family that values what you stand for and all the principles that make you unique. Your classmates will smile with you when you’re happy and will push you to think bigger when you’re facing setbacks. I came here looking to get skills and a good break into the consulting industry, and trust me I have a way deeper vision for myself now!”As an artist striving for a career in business, I have always wanted to study in a program that values individuals’ interests and dreams and that encourages the students to explore, expand, and embolden themselves. The moment I saw Fuqua’s application essay prompt ‘25 Random Things,’ I immediately felt that this program may be a place where I could be myself and where I could meet a lot of interesting souls. After a few months at Fuqua, I was confident that I made the right choice.Because of the diverse backgrounds and skills of the students in this program, I am able to constantly communicate with and learn from people who share different perspectives and specialties, and as a result, I have grown tremendously both in ways that I approach and solve a problem and in ways that I think and work with other people.
		MMS: FOB, Class of 2018	
		I'm Yilin “Kingston” Liu from Beijing, China. After running too many regressions and making too...
Kingston |
 Kingston's 


Fuqua Friday is one of the highlights of our busy school week. The social event is always packed with students, professors, staff, and even children. It wasn’t until my first Fuqua Friday—when classmates and I saw the long lines of Dukies waiting for food in the Fox Center—that I realized how big our student population is. As we enjoyed BBQ chicken, mac ‘n’ cheese, baked beans, and drinks, it was comforting to see everyone finally relaxed after a long school week and ready to begin the weekend on a high note.While some are more seasoned young professionals when it comes to networking, I happen to be on the timid side. Sometimes it takes bravery and a full glass of confidence to strike a conversation with a complete stranger. However, Fuqua Fridays provide a comfortable environment to practice such skills. Asking questions such as “how’s the food?” or even “what brings you to Fuqua?” is always a great conversation starter.At my first Fuqua Friday, I met an MBA student who moved to Durham with his wife and children after living in Vermont and working in investment banking for over a decade. I’ve also met others who moved to Durham from remote destinations such as Romania and Brazil, adding to the wonderful pool of diversity.Fuqua Fridays provide a glimpse of what life might be like a year from now when MMS students are in the ‘real world’ and colleagues ask us to join them for food and drinks after work. The countless times I’ve passed by restaurants in my neighborhood after working hours and witnessed patrons in suits shaking hands and conversing with one another is a frequent reminder that work and social life should be balanced. While Fuqua Friday is a social event, it’s also a networking opportunity, so one should always remain professional and composed—even after a drink or two. So the first time you attend a Fuqua Friday, remember to branch out and talk to your teammate’s friend, the person in front of you in the food line, and even the guy you always see in the same corner of Ford Library. Make it your goal to expand your network of colleagues and acquaintances. After all, we share a building with some of the brightest and most business-oriented students in the world. Fuqua Fridays are a time to take advantage of that.
		MMS: DKU, Class of 2018	
		I was born and raised in New York City and in 2016 graduated from Trinity...
Kristina |
 Kristina's 


So you’ve made the decision to go to graduate school. Congrats! Now the question is, what school is best for you?When selecting a graduate school there are a lot of questions to ask and things to consider. These are the questions I asked myself before deciding to join Fuqua.Selecting the program that is tailored to your needs and wants is critical in getting the most out of your time in graduate school. Here at Fuqua, the MMS program offers two different tracks: Foundations of Business (FOB) and Duke Kunshan University (DKU).If gaining an international experience immersing yourself in another culture is something that sparks your interest, DKU is the way to go. You spend the latter half of your 10-month program at Duke’s campus in Kunshan, China.But maybe spending the full length of the program on Duke’s campus, getting all you can out of Durham, and taking advantage of what Fuqua has to offer at their home base is more appealing to you. In that case, FOB would be the track that would best fit your interests.For me, I wanted the truly international experience abroad because a career in international business interests me, so DKU was the perfect option in my case.Duke University and the Fuqua School of Business carry prestigious reputations that extend globally. It’s no surprise that Fuqua is consistently ranked a top 10 business school by multiple publications. The job placement rates and the companies that students work for upon graduation are superior.Because of those reasons and the fact you’re reading this blog, Fuqua is probably on your radar as a school you’d want to attend. But there are other options to consider. So why Fuqua then?The collaborative nature of the teams you work on in each class prepares you well for jobs after graduation. The Team Fuqua culture is also a differentiating factor—students look after one another and foster a collaborative environment even outside of the classroom. If sitting in class all day every day is what you are wanting, then Fuqua may not be for you. But if taking classes and completing projects that challenge your traditional ways of thinking while pushing you to be the best critical thinker in different business settings and expanding your knowledge of the business world is what you want, then Fuqua is the perfect choice.You will take classes taught by professors who are leaders in their field of study and who will be instrumental in helping you achieve success not only in the classroom, but outside of it as well. I regularly meet with my professors and have received help from them in my job search. Outside of school, the students in your program will become some of your closest friends, and those friendships will extend well beyond the program’s end.The city where you’re located is also key to your experience. Durham has food from all over the world and the proximity to the mountains and the beaches can’t be offered by every state like it can in North Carolina. There is always something to do either on or off campus to enjoy your free time. And as my DKU class prepares to transition to Kunshan, I’m looking forward to new adventures there.From the moment you step foot on campus, the Career Management Center at Fuqua is determined to get you the job that fits you best. Resources include the abundant alumni network, not only from Fuqua but the larger Duke community as well.Putting in the most that you can at Fuqua will allow you to see a return on that investment. The school has done so much for all of us already, even just halfway through the program—from the friendships I’ve made that I know I will keep after graduation, to the real-life companies that visit our classes, to the professors who are dedicated to our learning. I know Fuqua was the perfect choice for me.
		MMS: DKU, Class of 2018	
		I'm born and raised in North Carolina. I grew up in Greensboro and graduated in...
Sarah |
 Sarah's 


If you’ve taken a look at an application for any of the programs we offer at Duke’s Fuqua School of Business, then a unique essay prompt has likely caught your eye—”25 Random Things About Yourself.” Yes, you read that correctly. While we’re interested in learning about your reasons for applying to Fuqua and your future goals, the most important thing we want to know is what makes you, YOU.We read hundreds of applications per admissions cycle, and many people have similar motivations for studying quantitative management—but no one has had the same life experiences as you. Sharing your experiences with us is the easiest way to make your application stand out! Most of my teammates in Admissions save reading the ’25 Things’ essay until last when we review applications. We’re really rooting for you to demonstrate how interesting you are! After reading many ’25 Things’ lists from amazing applicants—and even creating my own list—I have a few tips on what makes a great ’25 Things’ essay.I hope these tips help as you begin to tackle this very fun essay prompt. For more inspiration, check out this post from some of our  bloggers. Happy writing!
		Assistant Director of Admissions, MMS and MQM	
		I'm an assistant director of Admissions for the MMS and MQM programs. Prior to Fuqua, I spent...
Claire |
 Claire's 


Never would I have thought this brief, one-year encounter with Fuqua would be so personal and profound.Beginning early in the MQM program, a series of team building events made one thing clear—we would have to bond in order to tackle the tasks ahead of us and enjoy life as a Fuquan.The storyboard of this bonding journey started off with Duke’s signature sport—basketball. The Duke Basketball Experience event was held at Cameron Indoor Stadium and the team’s practice facility in September, after our intensive first term. Immersed in the program’s rich heritage, we were spurred on by the coaches to experience some of what the players do in practice. During every pass, pick and roll, and even simple eye contact with classmates and coaches, it dawned on me that each and every successful implementation of complicated strategies has to engage teamwork, and plenty of it. I was assured that every other Fuquan, with our collective competitiveness, had my back.In October came the North Carolina State Fair, and thanks to the MQM program staff we got free entrance tickets. If you like roller coasters and other exciting rides, it’s an area of great performance-price ratio that you can’t miss. Besides the rides, the food is also a great reason to go. I strongly recommend fried Oreo cookies! Although it sounds like a weird food, having the crispy, yet soft Oreo in your mouth while watching the fireworks overhead with classmates was just so warm and refreshing after Term 2 finals!Autumn in North Carolina is perfect for hiking and outdoor activities. We played paintball and zip lined together on one sunny weekend. We always work together on class assignments, so it was interesting to see how that chemistry took a different turn on the ‘battlefield.’ We forgot about homework and recruitment for one day, filled our paintball guns, and ran around trying to avoid the colorful bullets and having our clothes covered by paint.A big event for MQM, winter formal is definitely worth looking forward to. Everyone in the program gets dressed up and goes to a bar for drinks and dancing. It’s surprising to see how different everyone in the program looks for an event like this—and the photo booth produced some amazing group shots.During the last week of Term 3, Fuqua put on its annual Cookies and Cocoa holiday celebration. A cookie decorating competition, games to win Fuqua gear, photo booths, and more were taking place at the Fox Center. We also got Duke blue Santa hats to wear—who said MQMers can’t have fun in class!There are more events like these throughout each term. It’s true that the coursework can be intensive, but that doesn’t mean we don’t have a life beyond it. To the contrary—the difficult times make each of these extracurricular activities and bonding experiences all the more precious and unforgettable.
		MQM: BA, Class of 2018	
		I was born and raised in Guangzhou, China, and I love challenges in life. I’ve...
Qian |
 Qian's 


The Masters of Quantitative Management: Business Analytics program provides a diverse environment. Every day, in class or just in casual chats, I learn new things from people with different professional and cultural backgrounds. These are vivid, interesting, and credible experiences or opinions which you can’t easily get elsewhere. And the “Team Fuqua” collaborative spirit is an important part of every day here.My learning team of four is comprised of students with their respective undergrad studies in The United States, China, Taiwan and South Korea, and with different specialties in computer science, public policy, marketing and consulting. Together we’ve had experiences including discussing a model until midnight at school, battling about the logic of a case for hours and then happily placing a family-sized food order afterward, and practicing with each other before a group presentation followed by giving constructive feedback. It’s these consistent engagements with peers and the trustful environment at Fuqua that enable us to learn from others’ contributions.At the same time, every student here is just as self-driven, passionate, and smart as the next, and has the same goal of making impacts on big data in business. Since the program began, I’ve been having this strong feeling that this is totally where I belong.The courses are fast-paced and require large amounts of pre-reading and practice with data-related tools like SQL, R, Python, and Tableau. It’s not easy to keep up with the pace, but the sense of achievement from the four months of study during the first two terms is amazing. Now I feel comfortable querying data from databases, building prediction models, finding causal relationships, and talking about their deployments. Besides the technical part, courses like Business Communication have sharpened our communication skills, including understanding the audience, building the structure of your message, and perfecting the delivery. Data analytics projects in the business world require a well-rounded skill set—teamwork, statistics, programming, communication and problem-solving skills. The MQM program has polished all these skills during day-to-day study and activities, transforming me from a data outsider to a data professional.
		MQM: BA, Class of 2018	
		I was born and raised in Guangzhou, China, and I love challenges in life. I’ve...
Qian |
 Qian's 


Why did I decide to enroll at Duke University? My answer is simple. The Fuqua School of Business is one of the best business schools in the world, and I truly believed that I would fit well into the Master of Quantitative Management: Business Analytics program.About a year ago, I was eager to develop my decision-making and data analysis abilities by taking a graduate program. I aspire to become a businessman who makes efficient decisions by reading and analyzing the market pattern and trends, so it was a logical step. I was also considering enrolling in other business schools, but from the beginning, my top priority was always Fuqua.There were several reasons for this. The MQM: BA program features up-to-date facilities as well as a unique curriculum for students to familiarize themselves with analytical, communication, and teamwork skills, which are indispensable factors for businesspeople to have. The most distinctive aspect of the program is that it focuses on improving not only analytical skills but also communication and teamwork skills. During my experience thus far, most of the team-based work is in a collaborative, rather than a competitive environment. Moreover, the program helps students to analyze vast amounts of information and understand the cause of a particular phenomenon. I am cultivating my analytical abilities and learning how to leverage analytics to achieve a business goal.As a person aspiring to be a competent global businessman, it was perhaps a natural desire to start building a career at Fuqua, which presents the ideal academic setting and practical coursework for business studies. I am confident that I will become a distinguished business leader one day by soaking in the immense amount of information available at Duke, contributing to the school and community by sharing this accumulated knowledge, and eventually creating even greater success as a proud alumnus of Fuqua. I believe it was the best choice of my life to join the program, and I hope you will also have the opportunity to study here–one of the best business schools in the world!
		MQM: BA, Class of 2018	
		I was born in Seoul, Korea, and I graduated from the University of Iowa in...
Kevin |
 Kevin's 


When I was considering graduate school, I was looking at both finance and data analytics programs. When I found Fuqua’s MQM program and realized I could get a great data analytics education while specializing in finance, I knew I’d found the degree for me.Although I entered Fuqua with little finance background, I’d studied business in undergrad and had been exposed to various sides of business through several years of working in human resources. This exposure kindled my interest in delving into the technical aspects of finance.The finance industry has been using data analysis for a long time via statistics, so I knew the field would be a great place to apply a data analytics education. I’ve now begun my finance career in New York City at MarketAxess, an electronic bond trading platform.At MarketAxess, I’m part of the research team, which relies heavily on data analytics to carry out its work. Using R and SQL, I write code to pull data and manipulate it into easily digestible, impactful reports for clients. Our clients, which include big banks and institutional investors, are then able to see how they’re trading, what’s going well, and what needs improvement. Our team works with thousands of trades per day involving billions of dollars in transaction volume, so it’s important to use data analytics to automate these reports as much as possible.I knew a little SQL before starting the MQM program, but our Data Infrastructure course truly made us SQL experts. I think I underestimated how much I’d actually use SQL, but I use it on a daily basis at work. I feel fortunate that we were able to work with actual big data sets in our coursework that modeled the size and complexity of the queries I’m expected to run now.Our Data Science for Business class was also helpful because that’s where I learned R. But it wasn’t only technical skill I picked up—the track-specific coursework, such as Fixed Income Securities, equipped me with the finance knowledge that is crucial for my job.I’m glad I found a degree that combined both my interests and gave me hands-on experience so that I was able to feel confident in my job from the beginning. My Fuqua experience was truly transformative—I came in with a passion for and commitment to learning about finance, and now I use data analytics to support the trading in one of the largest financial markets in the world.
		MQM:BA, Class of 2018	
		I was a member of the MQM: Business Analytics Class of 2018, where I studied...
Daniel |
 Daniel's 


During my time as a Fuqua student in the MQM:BA Marketing track, much of my coursework focused on the customer—such as my favorite class, Customer Relationship Management. In this class, we took a very technical, hands-on approach to solving real-world problems similar to ones we could expect to encounter after graduation.Now that I’ve reached that after-graduation stage, I am even more thankful that my classes at Fuqua were so customer-focused. In my role as a business intelligence analyst at Wayfair, I work primarily on improving and optimizing the website to make it more user-friendly and efficient. To draw these insights, I run tests and create analyses. I then draw on the skills I learned in my Business Communication courses to relay the meaning behind this data to company stakeholders so that they can make high-level decisions about the business.Thanks to the technical skills I’ve learned at Fuqua, I’ve been able to hit the ground running at Wayfair. We frequently use SQL and Tableau, and not only do I feel confident with both of these after completing the MQM:BA program, but I can also help my peers on my team to sharpen their skills in these areas. So far, in my job, I have recently been able to leverage these skills to create a performance dashboard to be used by various stakeholders showing various web analytics KPIs.In addition to gaining technical skills, I was also able to leverage my leadership skills at Fuqua. I served as the Marketing Track Chair in the MQM Association, the program’s student-run government. This meant I was responsible for representing my classmates’ opinions and acting as a liaison between my peers, faculty, and staff. I consider this experience to have been invaluable both professionally and personally. Through this role, I gained the confidence to speak up and let my voice be heard, along with an understanding of when it’s best to sit back and listen.Overall, I found the Marketing track to be a good decision. Although I was initially unsure about the Marketing track when I entered the program, I quickly found that the hands-on experience I gained was very thorough in preparing me for my future career, which I am thrilled to have started at Wayfair. I owe a lot of tangibles, such as my technical skills, to Fuqua, as well as a lot of intangibles, such as learning to work and share ideas with people of extremely diverse backgrounds. I am sure I will apply all of these lessons throughout my career.
		MQM:BA, Class of 2018	
		I grew up in Lagos, Nigeria and graduated from UNC-Chapel Hill in 2015 as a...
Morad |
 Morad's 


I have always been interested in operations—so much so that I majored in transportation and logistics management in undergrad. When I enrolled in Fuqua’s MQM: Business Analytics program, my goal was to combine data with supply chain concepts to apply to my future career. I chose the Strategy track because it aligned most closely to this goal.Fast forward to the future, and I’ve started my analytics career in Seattle as an instock manager at the Amazon Fresh and Prime Now subsidiaries, which are both time-critical because we offer one- or two-hour delivery. My role includes a lot of demand forecasting, inventory control, vendor management, and communication.What I like the most about my job is that there are new challenges every day, such as limited data for new products, which makes forecasting more challenging, and cross-team communication. However, the things I learned at Fuqua and through my strategy coursework really help me push through challenges such as these and help move my team toward our goal of being a customer-obsessed company that focuses on continuous improvement.Although I wrote some code in a job I had before the MQM program, my classes at Fuqua really advanced my SQL skills. I now use SQL and Excel regularly at Amazon. I also frequently use Tableau, a skill I learned in my favorite course, Data Visualization, to create visualizations to highlight certain data points and help persuade stakeholders. I feel like a holistic skillset of business, supply chain, and data analytics capabilities is where I can really add value.I also use other intangibles that I gained in my classes. For example, in Operations Analytics, we learned about inventory control, capacity analysis, and process improvement, which I think of often at Amazon as we’re constantly striving for innovation and improvement.My Business Communication classes also helped me learn to communicate clearly and confidently. Now, I am not afraid to challenge my colleagues if I see a more efficient way of doing things, and I also appreciate the opportunities when my coworkers challenge me with better ideas.While at Fuqua, I heard a lot about the Fuqua network, but it is truly widespread and impressive. For instance, one of my colleagues is a graduate of the  program!Strategy is a broad field that allows you to enter almost any industry upon graduation, and the Strategy track ended up being a great choice for me. If you are interested in operations, consulting, or using logic to solve a wide variety of problems, then it may be the best choice for you, too.
		MQM: BA, Class of 2018	
		I grew up in Taiwan and graduated from National Chiao Tung University with a major...
Richard |
 Richard's 


Since emigrating from Pakistan to the U.S. two years ago, I’ve met hundreds of new people and made great new friends. However, before Fuqua, I always craved having a community that I could feel a part of. Although I wasn’t sure what to expect here, I have been very happily surprised and have never felt more welcomed or supported. Here is a sampling of the numerous moments that have reaffirmed my decision to come to Fuqua.A scavenger hunt and our discussion about personality and the Big Five Profile during orientation had already given us a sense of what Team Fuqua was all about. But what really stands out is Triangle Training, where we were taught the lessons of team-building in an entirely non-business situation and got to know each other on a personal level. That was the day when I realized what an amazing group of people I am surrounded by. As a person who has never climbed a 6-foot tall wall, let alone the 14-foot one we had to scale, I was not only able to get over but also finish the ropes balancing task at a much-elevated height thanks to constant support and motivation from my teammates.Just one month after the program started, I got a chance to organize and celebrate India and Pakistan’s 70th Independence Day with my fellow cohort members from MQM and students from other programs, as well, including MMS and MBA/MEM (a dual degree combining business and environmental management). Thousands of miles away from home, we had the opportunity to share our patriotic and festive spirit with students from China, India, Pakistan, Armenia, the U.S., Kazakhstan, and more. The event was a nice breather away from our tough class schedule as we all danced to Indian and Pakistani tunes and enjoyed the feast. The feeling of pride for our countries still gives me goosebumps as I remember how the crowd rose in respect for our flags as the national anthems played in the background.What meant the most to me, though, is not only how students from other countries helped us celebrate, but also how they helped us prepare. We almost weren’t on time for the event, but at the last minute, my classmate from Armenia stepped in to help us with the decor. It is these little moments that make me realize how the Team Fuqua spirit ties us together and makes us feel intrinsically motivated to help each other. Our diverse backgrounds truly bring us together and make us stronger!“Grades don’t matter!” is what we all yelled with joy during every round of the Duke Basketball Experience. Although basketball skill drills were involved, it was not just a game. We were taught lessons of collective responsibility and trust through various practice rounds. I have never played basketball in my entire life, but I am willing to partake in new experiences to see how much I can push my personal boundaries. Various versions of, “You can do this, Maryum,” and “You are doing great” is all that I heard from my teammates even though I was meeting most of them for the first time.My time at Fuqua has been an entirely different kind of experience for me. In a world where competition and success are all that matters to some people, I feel fortunate to spend time with an intelligent group of people who are not only superior in their fields but also know how to help others reach their top potential.
		MQM: BA, Class of 2019	
		I'm a Master of Science in Quantitative Management: Business Analytics candidate in the program's Marketing...
Maryum |
 Maryum's 


We’re thrilled by the employment outcomes we’re seeing for the first graduating class in our Master of Quantitative Management: Business Analytics program. While we’ll continue to collect employment data, here are a few highlights for the Class of 2018 so far.Our Career Management Center team has worked one-on-one with each of these students to build the professional competencies they’ll need to manage their careers, starting with the creation of a tailored job search plan and development of networking and interviewing skills. As awareness of Fuqua’s newest residential program grows, we expect to see the employment profile grow in kind. It’s an exciting journey of growth for our students and the program, and we are encouraged by its early success!
		Associate Dean, Career Management Center	
		As Associate Dean of Fuqua’s Career Management Center (CMC), I work with our team and...
Sheryle |
 Sheryle's 


What’s my favorite MQM experience? That’s a tough question!Looking back, I have so many amazing moments to reflect on. It’s difficult to pick just one. However, my experience at Fuqua was truly unforgettable. From my Fuqua family, to the faculty, to the academics, to the diverse student body, to the many opportunities to get involved on campus, and even to Durham, the city that I now miss.My first blog post was about the “transformative” experience talked about during orientation. Well, I want to report back because guess what? That “transformation” that I very much doubted at the start of the program actually came true!My transformation from Fuqua student on campus to Fuqua alumna in the workplace has become my favorite experience of all. It really was a culmination of so many experiences that jumpstarted this transformation. The person I was at the start of the program and the person that graduated—what a night and day difference! It was all positive growth. The program is constantly pushing your boundaries and these experiences end up shaping you into a top-notch professional, leader, teammate, and friend. It’s funny, because when you are stuck in the day-to-day of studying R, SQL, and Python into the late hours of the night, you don’t really get a chance to reflect on your progress to date. Now that I have graduated, moved to Boston, and have started work at IBM as a client executive, I already see the Fuqua payoff. From the ideas I’m able to bring to the table, to the quantitative analysis and viewpoint I provide, to the importance of working where I easily thrive, I now see how Fuqua has positively shaped me forever. 
		MQM: BA, Class of 2018	
		I was born in Brazil and raised in four different countries across two continents. This...
Bella |
 Bella's 


Prospective students ask a lot of good questions about what our program is like. So to help share some insight on the student experience, here are some MQM FAQs:It depends on what classes you are taking in a given term. Although each class has team assignments, some classes are more teamwork-oriented (Data Science for Business, Business Communication, Data Visualization), while some require relatively more individual work (Applied Probability and Statistics).Don’t underestimate how important teamwork is to students in this program. I had experiences staying in a team room until midnight, or spending an entire Saturday with teammates on projects. Sometimes it became very challenging, especially when a deadline was near and people were under pressure. But then gradually I got used to this and became more skillful working with others.The use of R and Python is incorporated throughout the program. My Data Infrastructure course used SQL, while Data Visualization used Tableau almost exclusively with a big push toward why certain types of visualizations are more effective than others. Market Intelligence used SAS. Additional tools will depend on what the faculty members for each course feel is currently most relevant to solve the types of questions being addressed.My favorite classes are the ‘hardcore’ ones. Customer Relationship Management, for example, was one of the best for learning the application of the theory that was taught. The professor was from industry, and the class content was very straightforward and useful in the workplace.This one is extremely hard to answer! I narrowed it down to three:Professor Burk taught two of my classes, Data Infrastructure (used MySQL) and Empirical Economic Analysis (used R). As a former data scientist from IBM, he taught the most useful skills in practice, and always made them easy to understand. It’s a pleasure to follow his logic and thoughts during class and even when doing the homework. He’s also very helpful when answering student’s questions, no matter related to class or career. But the best part of class is Professor Burk’s geeky humor: “Guys, I just told a joke….”Professor Shang was one of the most popular professors with our MQM class. Although his course, Operation Analytics, was at 9:00 a.m., the classroom was always full of energy—no one wanted to miss the fun during class. My favorite exercise was the Minifield simulation game developed by Professor Shang, which allowed us to manage supply chain and operations online as a team and compete with each other. He’s also friendly and you can see his culinary arts if you follow him on Instagram!Professor Sun taught Decision Analytics and Modeling, and just like the subject he teaches, he’s a smart and detail-oriented person. His class materials and homework were the most organized ones, and the way he explained the models to us could not have been simpler. When doing his homework, we were challenged to think deeper and explore every possibility. He didn’t necessarily grade based on correct answers (except for certain projects) and he encouraged us to think before he revealed the new knowledge during the next class.Durham was the winner of “The South’s Tastiest Town!” My roommates and I went out to try new restaurants every Friday night. Among others, there are several authentic Chinese, Korean, and Indian restaurants, and Durham is not so large of a city that it’s inconvenient.
		MQM: BA, Class of 2018	
		I was born and raised in Guangzhou, China, and I love challenges in life. I’ve...
Qian |
 Qian's 


Three frightening words—the job search.Those words made me so anxious throughout my time as a Master of Quantitative Management student. I knew that I had to ‘own’ my career search. After all, I had quit my job, no longer had a monthly paycheck, was all alone away from friends and family, and was investing both time and money towards my future with an MQM degree from Fuqua. Fast forward, seven months and I’m now sharing this advice with prospective and current students: it’s important to take a deep breath and remember that you will be OK.Maybe it’s helpful or comforting to know more about my career exploration while at Fuqua, so here is what I like to call my job search KPIs or key performance indicators:Aside from my KPIs, I want to offer fair warning that the interview process can sometimes be daunting and quite exhausting. I applied for a position through Career Connections, and after being turned down for being overqualified, the IBM recruiter forwarded my resume to the Senior Recruiting team. I had to take two aptitude examinations, submit a video interview, and engage in two phone interviews with different business sectors and HR functions. Finally, after seven long months, my journey concluded with an in-person interview for a senior client representative role.Shortly thereafter, I looked down at my phone at the end of a Customer Relationship Management class and saw a missed call. As I walked out of the classroom and down the hall, I called back the recruiter who told me that they were going to make me an offer and to stay tuned.I wanted to shout with joy and hug someone, but I decided to remain silent until I received the offer letter. Three days later I received the official offer stating that I had five days to respond. On the last day, I signed and now I am an official IBMer! Since then, I’ve moved to Boston to begin this new chapter of my life.While it’s easy to for me to now say that “it was all worth it,” I can also empathize with those of you who are in the exhausting and anxious times of your job search. Just know that your happy ending is on the horizon. Keep positive!
		MQM: BA, Class of 2018	
		I was born in Brazil and raised in four different countries across two continents. This...
Bella |
 Bella's 


Because Fuqua does so much to encourage diversity, my friend Karan and I felt inspired to put on this event. About a month into our MQM program, we began to discuss the idea of celebrating Independence for India and Pakistan at Fuqua.The idea of celebrating student diversity while also recognizing the unity of the two countries in a place like Fuqua was both exciting and contagious. Soon, with the continued encouragement and support from the staff and fellow peers, we prepared to realize this event over a two-week window.Although the two countries traditionally celebrate their independence on separate days (India on August 15 and Pakistan on August 14), at Fuqua we planned a joint celebration on August 16.Colorful outfits, traditional Indian and Pakistani food, student dance and music performances, and a diverse turnout of more than 120 attendees were a few highlights. The event ended with students, staff, professors, and even Assistant Dean Jeremy Petranka dancing to the tunes of Bollywood songs.The significance of the event lies in how it gave an opportunity to students from both MQM and MMS to interact and come together as a diverse student body very early into their programs. The success of the event set the course for several cultural celebrations in the subsequent months like the East Asian Mid-Autumn Festival and the Lunar New Year celebration.I took away wonderful memories, warm appreciation, and cultural respect from the event feedback. The experience strengthened my belief in how celebrating differences in culture and history not only unite individuals, but also inspire great conversations, disseminate unique ideas, and strengthen friendships. I am fortunate to be part of such a diverse student body.– AbhyudaiDuring the fall, the MQM Association student leadership group organized the “Mid-auTERM Festival,” a celebration of the Mid-Autumn Festival observed by East Asian countries.I was excited to help bring a tradition I was accustomed to celebrating at home to my new home at Fuqua. The festival, which was held October 3, functioned in two ways: to give our East Asian students a taste of home, and to invite other students to learn about and celebrate a different culture.The Mid-Autumn Festival legend originates from the story of Chang E, who stole an elixir from her husband and flew to the moon after she swallowed it. Chang E reminisces about her love, just as people today remember their family and loved ones. The festival is celebrated by families and friends gathering together to eat a meal and traditional mooncake, solve lantern riddles, and remember their loved ones.At Fuqua, we celebrated the festival with food from two cultures: mooncake and pizza. Fuqua has a diverse student body, so we decided to use food as a bridge to connect international students with domestic students and celebrate cultural diversity.– Victoria
		MQM: BA, Class of 2018	
		I serve as the Forensics track chair for the MQM Association—our student leadership group. After...
Victoria |
 Victoria's 

		MQM: BA, Class of 2018	
		I'm a member of the MQM: BA Class of 2018 in the Strategy track. I...
Abhyudai |
 Abhyudai's 


Even though I’ve been playing sports since I was five, I didn’t truly understand the importance of teamwork until I attempted to compete in a hackathon solo. There’s nothing more demoralizing than staring at your computer, watching the clock tick away, feeling the pressure begin to build with each passing second before realizing that you’ve been working on the wrong data set for the past three hours. Not that it really mattered.We’d been given the information in a JSON file, and while MQM has made me proficient in R and SQL none of my extensive, late-night coding sessions prepared me for the task of simply opening this type of document, much less parsing it. In a meek attempt to ward off a full-blown panic attack, I cpasually bit into my fourth comfort cookie and looked around the room. To my surprise, even though I was a long way from Fuqua I recognized a handful of familiar faces sitting in a small room up in ‘enemy’ territory at the MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference in Boston.I guess I shouldn’t have been surprised, considering the sports-themed coding community is a relatively small one. It’s really only logical that some of the statistically-inclined basketball fans like myself that I met at the NBA Hackathon in New York a few months ago were going to take a hack at this event too. It’s crazy to think about how different those two events were. The NBA Hackathon was a high-profile, glamorous team event up in the Big Apple, filled with snacks and celebrities. Meanwhile, the MIT Sloan Hackathon was a short, low-profile, primarily solo event with phenomenal cookies. While both were amazing experiences that pushed me to improve my skills while teaching me various lessons about coding, they were also vastly different in how they made me feel during and after the event.It was my first experience as a real coder and one that I’ll never forget.We were halfway through our first six-week semester in MQM when I saw an email highlighting an NBA Hackathon. My eyes lit up immediately. Prior to joining this program, coding was only a term I recognized from dramatic scenes in Grey’s Anatomy. But I knew that since one of my career goals was to be an analyst in the NBA, I needed to be at this event. So, I asked around and found three of the smartest guys in the program and begged them to form a team with me—the beginning of Kobe-Wan Kenobi.While I didn’t know it at the time, these guys would end up being some of my closest friends in the program because they’re some of the sweetest, most genuine people I’ve met in my entire life. I thought I was making a smart career move asking them to create a team with me, but I wasn’t expecting to make three new friends who would push my mind to new limits, showing me how to think in profound ways and approach complex problems from unconventional angles.The NBA Hackathon experience was the best I’ve had while being a student at Duke University, and I have the Fuqua community to thank for that. We all still remember the same moment from that night. It was around 5:00 a.m., right before the sun was about to rise over the Manhattan skyline when we decided to take a team-building walk outside. We had hit a roadblock that brought us to a crossroad requiring group consensus before moving forward with a decision.I know that years from now, none of us will remember the content of that conversation, mostly because we were all too delirious from sleep deprivation and caffeine withdrawal to recall much of anything. But, I know that I’ll forever remember the euphoric feeling of that ah-ha moment we collectively shared when we realized that we had cracked the code. After 20 hours of slamming our heads against a computer screen, we had solved the problem by creating something that didn’t exist before. I imagine this is what being a parent feels like—proud and exhausted.While I didn’t have that same euphoric feeling at the MIT Hackathon, I don’t regret going at all. Sometimes it’s important to push yourself past your limits, move out of your comfort zone, and let your ego take a hit. Right before the MIT event, I had participated in a week-long Duke Men’s Basketball Hackathon with another student from MQM. We ended up placing third in the event, and I felt like we were on top of the world. I felt like any company would be lucky to have my mad coding skills. But after the MIT Hackathon, I realized how many talented coders there are out there, and I that I would be lucky if a team decided to give me a chance and hire me. That type of ego-check is painful but important. In total, I participated in three separate basketball-themed hackathons during my time in the MQM program. While these events might seem similar at first, I cannot stress how wildly unique they were, each serving up a different slice of the emotional roller coaster pie that is coding. All of these experiences have taught me that coding is a three-phase, cyclical process: First, frustration and failure, followed by a sense of accomplishment, ending in euphoria. This last phase is a brief moment of happiness generated by solving a problem before turning the corner to realize that there’s an even bigger, more complicated issue waiting up ahead.Each hackathon experience has acted as a life lesson, teaching me firsthand these three phases of coding:As a competitive human, it’s hard for me to accept the fact that winning isn’t everything when it comes to these events. It’s all about the experience, who you meet, and putting yourself out there. As business school students, we all know that it’s not only about what you know, but also who you know. And in the sports industry, it’s definitely more of the latter, especially in the beginning when you’re trying to break into the industry in an entry-level position.That’s why I am beyond thankful that I chose Duke, because its reputation on the court is as respected as its reputation in the classroom. Building connections through coding is crucial for anyone who wants to be a high-level analyst in today’s world, and I’m just grateful that I have a bunch of Blue Devils by my side to support me on the ride.
		MQM: BA, Class of 2018	
		Unlike many of my classmates, I was born, raised, schooled, and employed in the same...
Kelsey |
 Kelsey's 


When I start any adventure, the memories about my first impressions and thoughts are often a bit blurry because I usually get overexcited and try to pay attention to everything around me, with the disastrous result of not remembering anything. And MQM isn’t an exception—I still struggle trying to remember first impressions about my classmates, many of whom are now close friends.But there is one thing I remember clearly from those first days, which is what our assistant dean, Jeremy Petranka, told us during our orientation day: “Throughout this 10 months, you will never feel that everything is under your control, that you are quite there.”At first, I didn’t really understand what he meant—but it didn’t take me too long to figure out. Two weeks into the program, and I was already feeling pushed to the limit trying to keep up with everyone in the class (they were all so smart!) and by the rigorous academics. Fortunately, Fuqua is built to support everyone who decides to join. Your teammates will become much more than just friends, and will always be there to help you—as well as the professors, who will tirelessly keep explaining a concept until you understand it.However, throughout the summer Term 1, I realized how important it was for everyone to balance the long study hours with some fun and stress-releasing activities. During my undergraduate experience, I always looked for a way to have a positive impact on the day-to-day life of my friends and classmates. So when I heard about the position of wellness chair for the MQM Association (our student leadership team), I jumped at the opportunity.What does the wellness chair do? When I’m asked this question, I like to say, “I organized activities to take care of my classmates’ mental and physical wellbeing.” What this meant in practice is that I organized both indoor and outdoor activities that tried to make my classmates forget—or at least stress less—about those assignments that were due at midnight!The events I organized ranged from big outings to small activities. The small ones included adult coloring sessions, wellness workshops with Duke’s counselors, and even in-class karaoke with one of our professors (he was particularly into karaoke). Some of the bigger events included massages, ping-pong tournaments, paintball, and zip-lining.The zip-lining event was a particularly fun one. We organized it on a Saturday morning at X-Treme Park Adventures, a site located 30 minutes away from Fuqua, and a group of 35 MQM students decided to join. For most of them, it was the first time doing such an activity, and we were all very excited! The instructors at the park turned out to be very friendly, and we had a great time zipping over six tracks at 30 miles per hour!Thinking back to Jeremy’s words, I can now agree that he was right when he said that business school can be very demanding at times. However, Fuqua is not only about academics. There’s plenty of opportunities organized by the students to relax and spend some quality time with your friends, both inside and outside this building.
		MQM: BA, Class of 2018	
		I was born in a small town in Italy, but that has not stopped me...
Davide |
 Davide's 


On January 17th, the day had come at last—Team Changeover.I was sad to leave my original learning team members, with whom I’d been working for the previous five months. But at the same time, I was excited to take on new team assignments with a new team.There are many big and small assignments to be completed as a team at Fuqua, and I can’t talk about my school without talking about how important teamwork is to its culture. So here are some of the team experiences I’ve been through as part of the MQM program.Our program is divided into two different sections depending on which of the four tracks you chose (Finance, Marketing, Forensics, or Strategy). Since I’m in the Marketing track, I was assigned to a team with other Marketing track students. We were people from diverse cultures and backgrounds: Chandrika from India, Maheen from Pakistan, Zefang and Lizzy from China, and myself from Korea. Actually, at first, I was a little concerned because I was more familiar with working on all-male teams from my two years in the Korean Army before coming to Duke (of course, there are many women in the Korean Army, but the majority are men).However, that worry wasn’t necessary. Everyone in the team was very outgoing and bright, and our positive team dynamic was very helpful when we had to adapt quickly to assignments. Sometimes we struggled due to tons of data-driven team assignments and presentations. But we relied on each other, kept positive vibes, and overcame all the challenges. We learned from one another, often gathering in a team member’s apartment from early in the morning to late at night to finish assignments.Among many data-driven team projects, the most memorable was the Digital Marketing course final team project. We used marketing metrics and established a system for Fuqua’s marketing team to identify key channels and accurately target prospective students. We had to do many tasks at the same time, and it was very difficult work. However, throughout our time together, the more difficult the tasks the more fun we had. Sometimes we’d submit our work only a few minutes before the deadline, but we enjoyed that pressure-filled moment too. Overall, we worked together for five months, and that time will be an unforgettable memory for all of us.After the winter break came the aforementioned Team Changeover, where we were assigned to our second and final team. My new team members, all from the Marketing track, included fellow student bloggers, Bella from Brazil and Qian from China, plus Gloria who’s also from China. It’s been just over three months since we’ve been working together, and I love my team members. We’ve taken courses such as Decision Analytics & Modeling and Customer Relationship Management. Through these classes, we analyzed and managed diverse datasets. Sometimes we divided our work based on our unique abilities and strengths to achieve the best outcomes. We always relied on and helped each other whenever we faced difficulties. I’m so glad that all of my team members are very thoughtful, friendly, and hard working.We’re in the last term now and working together on the Marketing Capstone Project with a large multinational company as a client. We’re developing a key performance indicator and analyzing the important drivers of sales of video gaming brands by investigating real-world datasets. We’re always working hard as a team, and we believe that we’ll get a positive result on the project before graduation.I took this elective course, which combined MQM and  students. Only five MQM students took the class for credit, and we were all on a team: Tuan from Vietnam, Ben from the U.S., Prima and Aki from China, and myself. We were very motivated because we’re all interested in the health care industry and we were representing the inaugural MQM program in a class full of MBAs.We’d been dealing with real patient data and conducting patient profiling by building predictive models to help health providers and payers identify risks and achieve better health outcomes and lower costs. Even though managing the patient dataset was very tough, we worked hard to be the best team during the final presentations. Ultimately, we got the highest score of any team in the class. We were so proud of ourselves, and it was great to experience that sense of accomplishment.For this course, the teams we had for Business Communication 1 in the fall were re-shuffled. My new team consisted of four members from different backgrounds: Joey from Thailand, Sienna and Iris from China, and myself. The unique feature of this class is that all teams had at least one person from each of the four tracks. That meant all students needed to collaborate and combine knowledge from their own track to do holistic industry and company analysis with actionable recommendations. For the industry analysis team presentation, our team chose hotels. We believe there is a great potential for growth in the hotel industry and decided to further analyze both the global and U.S. sectors. We presented about the current state of the hotel industry, how it’s segmented, key success factors, what competitors are doing, and what the opportunities are to expand the market. All of this work was very dynamic, and it was a great experience to learn from each other through our different knowledge across tracks and approaches.These are just four of the teams I’ve had experiences with during my 10 months in the MQM program. Overall, I’ve been on teams with more than 14 MQM students from six different countries. I’ve worked with people in my same track, and other tracks. All of these experiences have helped me sharpen my teamwork skills and cultivate a more diverse approach to solving problems. Teamwork is the oil that makes the team work, and the ability to be a dynamic, productive team member is one of the essential factors to succeed in a business setting. In the MQM program, you’ll have opportunities to meet people from diverse cultures and backgrounds and to collaborate with them as a team. I sincerely believe these opportunities and experiences will be one of the most crucial assets to create success in life.
		MQM: BA, Class of 2018	
		I was born in Seoul, Korea, and I graduated from the University of Iowa in...
Kevin |
 Kevin's 


Team Fuqua. It’s a term you constantly hear in our community. Ask for a definition and a hundred people will tell you a hundred stories to illustrate what it means to them.Synthesizing these stories, in my view, and more importantly, in the eyes of the corporate community, Team Fuqua is a way of working. It’s the instinct to draw out strengths in others to move a team forward toward a common goal. It’s core to our DNA, and the drive to develop that instinct in our community infuses everything we do. That instinct also helps our alumni excel in companies all over the world.Why is the Team Fuqua style of working so impactful? There is a saying of disputed origin: “To go fast, go alone. To go far, go together.” We have nothing against individual success—it’s important. However, a great team will always beat a great individual, no matter how talented. We would go a step further and say that the more diverse that team, the better the results. Academic research has shown that diverse teams outperform ones in which members are all alike—if each member identifies with the team and has a sense of belonging.Therefore, we believe that it’s essential that future business leaders be able to unlock the power that lies in difference. Bringing out the best in others isn’t just a nice approach to work, it’s a winning business strategy. In fact, it’s the secret sauce to meaningful collaboration that leads to true innovation. Innovation happens when people who have differing perspectives and experiences come together to approach problems and new thinking emerges. Harnessing the power of teams requires leadership that appreciates the strength in difference and encourages authenticity so everyone is bringing their full self to the team. That commitment to valuing difference is at the heart of Team Fuqua.Let me give you an example of Team Fuqua in action.A few years back a research firm interviewed several recruiters about the value of Fuqua graduates. One of the companies shared the following. At a certain stage in this firm’s recruiting process, the best candidates are brought together and given a problem to solve. Because it’s a job interview, each candidate naturally tries to position the exercise in a way that highlights his or her own strengths. However, the recruiter shared that Fuqua students are very different. Instead of pointing to their own capabilities, they focus on figuring out what each of the other people participating in the exercise brings to the table that can make the team successful. Fuqua students start with building relationships and finding the best way to solve the problem collectively.The recruiter highly valued that approach. Ironically, by allowing other people to shine the Fuqua candidates were the brightest stars in the eyes of this company. We’ve heard similar stories from companies all over the globe.We’re proud that our graduates are the leaders people want to work for—the ones that capture the hearts, minds, and hands of the organization. Team Fuqua isn’t a tagline or marketing scheme—it’s a way of working that is making a difference well beyond our own community.
		Dean	
		I feel lucky every day to be dean and have the opportunity to lead this...
Bill |
 Bill's 


As associate director for MQM: BA in Fuqua’s Career Management Center (CMC), I understand the job market is a competitive place. It’s also an expansive realm with opportunities that fit each individual student’s interests and experience. Our students use a range of techniques and resources to conduct their searches: anchoring in their strengths and motivations, targeting based on broad research, and bridging credibly to exciting opportunities. The best searches also combine two complementary approaches I like to call hunting and gathering.Picture this: You see a job posted online—on a public site, Fuqua’s Global Talent System (GTS) career portal, or Duke’s CareerConnections—that looks like a match. You fill out the application, upload a tailored resume, and wait for results. You’ve just gathered a job opportunity from a field of jobs that are already posted. You’re qualified and it seems like a fit, but it’s likely that many other seekers have spotted this job and also chosen to gather it. A job search that relies solely on gathering may allow scale and save time, but chances are the field is incredibly crowded. Some additional steps may remarkably improve your odds.Hunting requires a different mix of risk and effort, including a sizeable time investment and possibly daunting personal engagement. However, a good hunt reaches opportunities ahead of the crowd and can position candidates with clearer alignment and advantages. Hunting techniques include:My colleagues and I deliver career management knowledge and skills to students in classroom settings, through workshops and events with employers, and with one-on-one coaching to support their job searches. This is our first graduating class of MQM: BA students, and we’re seeing momentum. Students have secured jobs at firms such as IBM, Wayfair, Red Hat, Ernst & Young, and Novartis. Here’s how a handful of our students have combined the hunting and gathering approaches to find jobs:Track: Strategy
Hometown: Cairo
Position Accepted: Junior Associate at McKinsey & Company’s Dubai officeAmr consulted with the CMC at each step of his process—we helped him refine his CV and his cover letter, structure his networking pitch, and prepare for informational and case interviews.Amr also did a significant volume of connecting and networking on his own. He reached out to MBA students who had worked at McKinsey, as well as Fuqua alumni who currently work there. He expanded his reach beyond the Fuqua network to ask questions of colleagues from his undergraduate years who now work at McKinsey Dubai.Amr said connecting with so many different individuals helped him understand which qualities McKinsey looks for and helped him prepare for cases.Track: Strategy
Hometown: Chicago, Illinois
Position Accepted: Operations and Data Manager at Centra Health in Lynchburg, VirginiaBen worked with us to develop a strategy that outlined how he would search for and apply to positions. He relied heavily on building connections and networking, but also expanded his knowledge base and technical skills in his free time so that his work would speak for itself and connections he made would more readily advocate for him. Finally, we talked through how to align expectations and negotiate terms since his role is new within Centra.Track: Forensics
Hometown: Mumbai
Position Accepted: Financial & Risk Advisory Consultant at Deloitte in New YorkRutu went through Deloitte’s on-campus recruiting process, which consisted of a coffee chat, two first-round interviews, and two second-round interviews. But she also did research on her own and connected with alumni from Deloitte to understand more about the role and daily work in the position. This helped her determine how the job could be a good fit for her.Rutu attended practice sessions with our office during her whole process and prepared extensively for both her technical and behavioral interviews.Track: Finance
Hometown: Helmsange, Luxembourg
Position Accepted: Technology Advisor Program at Ernst & Young in Charlotte, North CarolinaMatthew applied for this position through our GTS career portal. He had previous experience with the company because he’d attended the Ernst & Young Emerging Leaders Summit. Initially, a recruiter reached out to him to chat about his experience there, which led to a phone interview followed by a day of interviews at EY’s offices.Track: Forensics
Hometown: Shanghai
Position Accepted: Financial Crimes Unit Technology Experienced Associate at PricewaterhouseCoopers Advisory in New YorkLi applied on the PwC career website and went through a phone interview and a final-round interview in New York. Li also consulted with us to talk through offer timing and details including how to evaluate and negotiate aspects of compensation and how to navigate conversations in the acceptance process with PwC.Track: Marketing
Hometown: Adena, Turkey
Position Accepted: Business Analyst for Marketing at Red Hat in Raleigh, North CarolinaSera relied on networking to secure this position. When Red Hat’s senior director of strategy visited campus in the fall, she sought career advice by asking how to navigate the tech industry without a tech background. The senior director then reached out to Sera when a marketing position became available, introducing her to his colleague at Red Hat. Sera went through a couple of different informational phone calls before she was invited to the office to interview.Seeing these success stories is one of the reasons I love working with students and encouraging them to be open and proactive in their career search. We seek to provide tools and resources that enable students to navigate and thrive in the process. It can be stressful for them, with online postings as plentiful as they are elusive, but I remind students that the most successful searches integrate both approaches I outlined. Gathering jobs is an efficient way to get scale in a search, but hunting means anchoring strongly, targeting well, and building solid personal bridges to good-fit opportunities. I’m proud of the success students are seeing and the ways we support them in the CMC!

		I'm the career services lead for MQM, and as part of the Career Management Center...
Meredith |
 Meredith's 


Upon starting my journey in Fuqua’s MQM program, I was certain that I wanted to be heavily involved in the school community. I was starting the program fresh out of undergrad, and I wanted to continue being a part of the university clubs and the social life—specifically anything that had to do with marketing. Running for the Marketing Club president seemed to be a natural decision for me.Since becoming president, I have been learning many different personal skills and have seen the return on my input into the club, which is very rewarding. This opportunity represented not only a chance to enhance my own skills and broaden my network, but also the ability to be the marketing career resource for my friends in the program.Having been in the program for eight months now, I can confirm that we all are ambitious individuals who manage their time well and constantly focus on the job search throughout the year. Knowing that career resources are of high interest to my peers, I’ve worked with the Career Management Center (CMC) to put on several marketing-related events, such as alumni visits, Q&A sessions, and networking opportunities.Being the point of contact for the student body, alumni, and the CMC was a huge responsibility that gave me new perspective on the career search process. Because I was able to see things from CMC advisors and hiring managers’ points of view, I am now able to more fully understand the people I am interacting with through the career search. I also learned technical tips for the process, such as common mistakes made while networking. This has enabled me to both help my peers and implement these observations in my own networking. Although I believed I had well-rounded interpersonal skills, I definitely had many areas that I needed to work on.However, the value that I’m able to give back to my Fuqua community has really been the highlight of my experience as Marketing Club president. For instance, the club hosted several events where various alumni visited to describe the companies they worked for, give important insights on the industry’s various career paths, and provide their contact information for future opportunities and for people seeking referrals. We have hosted alumni from Jet.com, HireStrategy, and IRi Worldwide who were willing to spend time sharing their experiences and helping us to understand the industry landscape. After I organized these sessions, I received a lot of positive feedback from my classmates, which became the best part of being in this role. Through this experience, I have come to realize that grades are only a small part of the whole package once you start your master’s degree. Recruiters and the professionals I have met always emphasize the importance of having experiences beyond the classroom that will showcase your interpersonal skills and time management capabilities. Although juggling both my responsibilities and schoolwork has often been stressful, I am so glad that I took the opportunity to become the Marketing Club president and gained these valuable experiences that I can recall and value. Hopefully, I will be leveraging this role even more in the coming months to provide additional opportunities to my classmates and add many more valuable memories to this journey.
		MQM: BA, Class of 2018	
		I was born and raised in a southern town in Turkey. I've been on a...
Sera |
 Sera's 


One week into the program, I asked myself whether I made the right choice by coming to Fuqua and joining the new MQM program. A couple of months earlier, I had rejected four offers from other universities, two of which were from Ivy League schools and one was from a top-five engineering school. Why did I choose Fuqua? Why did I decide to come to a nascent program without any record of success or employment statistics?Fuqua people—that was the explanation floating inside my mind. The people with whom I’d talked before making my choice—students and admissions councilors—made the difference. We connected on a multitude of levels, and I always had fun, even during my interviews. That was something missing from my other experiences. It was all about the people since day one.Here’s what makes Fuqua people special, and how they inadvertently transmute me into a finer Amr:What is common among an MQM student who flew military airplanes, our program dean, an Accounting Hall of Fame professor, and our associate director of career services?Sheer modesty. Everyone in class is extremely humble in day-to-day conversations and interactions, no matter what company they used to work for or what 750+ GMAT score they might have achieved. This puts things into perspective—who do I want to be, and what do I want to be remembered for after I’m long gone from Fuqua?Everyone wants to help you out. I reached out to more than 20 Fuquans from different programs, both current students and alumni, and the diversity and quality of support I received helped me secure a junior associate position at McKinsey & Company that I will begin after graduation. You can feel the genuineness and eagerness to lend a hand shining through people’s advice all the time.At Fuqua, you get to treasure all sorts of things. You value all-nighters and how unfathomable conversations about the Great Pyramids of Giza, snakes in India, random psychological tests while circling a lake, and the effect of mixing Red Bull with coffee could bring people closer together. You also appreciate rare moments—such as running into the Procter & Gamble CEO while playing table tennis or having a drink with the former CIO of the White House, Microsoft, and VMWare. You appreciate 3:00 AM accidental walks to diners. Almost everything you come across is associated with a memory of a person or situation that you will cherish for the rest of your days.Not only is Fuqua augmenting one’s professional skills, but it is also laying the groundwork to becoming a better, jollier, more empathetic, and more respectful person. 
		MQM: BA, Class of 2018	
		Originally from Egypt, I was born and raised in Saudi Arabia. I graduated with a...
Amr |
 Amr's 


Over the month-long winter break, MQM students took the opportunity to practice their data analytics skills during the Winter Data Competition. This optional experiential learning event allowed participants to dig deep into data, discover trends, and provide recommendations to Duke Alumni Association (DAA), the client for this project. Formed in 1858, the mission of DAA is to create lifelong connections between alumni and Duke that benefit the university, its students, and fellow alumni. For this case competition, DAA asked for a series of recommendations for how it can more effectively engage with individuals who have been alumni for less than 10 years.Participants first signed a non-disclosure agreement and then were provided with data on alumni event attendees, alumni events, and alumni biographic data, among others. Students had several weeks to use the data before submitting their work. During this time, they also participated in client calls, worked with faculty, and utilized the support of their classmates.Five finalists competed during the final presentation:The students did a great job giving engaging presentations that demonstrated their use of technical skills to develop regression models, ANOVA, and text mining. The finalists had varied solutions for increasing engagement including focusing on events on specific days of the week, targeting alumni with more than one Duke degree (“Double Dukies”), providing incentives for international alumni, and hosting school-specific events. We were honored to have some prominent executives join our faculty as judges of the competition:This event showcased the power of data and how students were able to connect what they were learning in the classroom to a client need. It was also fulfilling that the client for this project was part of the Duke family and a great example of collaboration that can occur within our university.Ultimately, the team of Mei and Lingqi was awarded second place, and Xin was named the winner. Here’s what he had to say about the case competition experience: “I used R and Tableau to help me visualize the data and identify patterns and abnormalities. For example, one of the surprising findings I made was that in-state alumni actually have lower engagement than alumni in other regions, leading me to suggest targeted programming and specific campaigns for North Carolina Duke alumni. Not only did I work a lot with the data that was provided, but I set up client meetings to interview stakeholders and get a sense of their concerns and questions. After spending about three weeks on the project, it came time for the four finalist teams to present. The panel of judges named me the winner of the competition, and as my prize, I received a basketball signed by Coach K and an interview for a full-time position with Data Blueprint—a truly interesting data management company. Participating in the competition was an enjoyable experience for me, and I really felt like I was using the material learned in my strategy track coursework because I had to create a separate engagement strategy for each region. I also had awesome support from friends and classmates who weren’t even participating in the competition but still pitched in to help with analysis and the final presentation. This experience was also valuable because it gave me a taste of using data to make recommendations to a client, which aligns with my career goals of consulting.”
		Assistant Director, MQM Program	
		I'm the assistant director of MQM—a role focusing on a broad range of activities that...
Alistar |
 Alistar's 


When I made the decision to go to grad school, I remember thinking to myself that I was going to have a lot more free time. Being in the workforce for three years prior to enrolling, I was ready to start ticking off all of the items on my to-do list that were long overdue. I wanted to restart my lost hobbies and just dedicate more time to myself. And of course, I remember thinking how the full-time graduate student lifestyle was going to be “a piece of cake.”Well, let’s just say I was totally wrong!Being a full-time student is no easy task, especially when you’ve been away from the academic environment for a while. Adjusting back to the routine of note-taking, homework, and studying takes some time. Getting back into the swing of things is easy to say, but much harder to do! While work life has its own unique set of stressful situations and pressures that aren’t easy, I believe student life might be even harder at times.Why is that?In the work environment, everyone is driven by a specific and defined goal, set by your company or clients. Often you’re able to leave your work at the office so that when you come home you’re done for the day (or at least you try to be).Being a student, you have homework every night when you get home. While there are team assignments, there are even more that you’re responsible for completing on your own. Additionally, weekends are not totally free anymore. You’re constantly meeting with your team, and team projects are both challenging and time-consuming. When you finish meeting with your team, then you need to get ready for the upcoming week. The old undergrad last-minute cram sessions don’t work here. You have to know how to apply what you learned. Thus, students have to keep up with the material of every class on a consistent basis.Needless to say though, that spectacular feeling of accomplishment and growth makes up for all of the challenges of returning to being a student. There is no question that grad school has an immeasurable and lasting impact on the soul of a student. Not only are you learning a new set of hard skills that are needed in today’s technical and strategic business world, you’re also capturing a new persona, developing an enhanced leadership style, becoming a more balanced team member, and most of all, gaining a new openness to learning.The MQM Program has been one of the most rewarding experiences of my life so far. My Dad always told me, there are two things nobody can take away from you—your integrity and your education. My Duke MQM degree is something I’ll hold close to my heart and mind forever.
		MQM: BA, Class of 2018	
		I was born in Brazil and raised in four different countries across two continents. This...
Bella |
 Bella's 


Never would I have thought this brief, one-year encounter with Fuqua would be so personal and profound.Beginning early in the MQM program, a series of team building events made one thing clear—we would have to bond in order to tackle the tasks ahead of us and enjoy life as a Fuquan.The storyboard of this bonding journey started off with Duke’s signature sport—basketball. The Duke Basketball Experience event was held at Cameron Indoor Stadium and the team’s practice facility in September, after our intensive first term. Immersed in the program’s rich heritage, we were spurred on by the coaches to experience some of what the players do in practice. During every pass, pick and roll, and even simple eye contact with classmates and coaches, it dawned on me that each and every successful implementation of complicated strategies has to engage teamwork, and plenty of it. I was assured that every other Fuquan, with our collective competitiveness, had my back.In October came the North Carolina State Fair, and thanks to the MQM program staff we got free entrance tickets. If you like roller coasters and other exciting rides, it’s an area of great performance-price ratio that you can’t miss. Besides the rides, the food is also a great reason to go. I strongly recommend fried Oreo cookies! Although it sounds like a weird food, having the crispy, yet soft Oreo in your mouth while watching the fireworks overhead with classmates was just so warm and refreshing after Term 2 finals!Autumn in North Carolina is perfect for hiking and outdoor activities. We played paintball and zip lined together on one sunny weekend. We always work together on class assignments, so it was interesting to see how that chemistry took a different turn on the ‘battlefield.’ We forgot about homework and recruitment for one day, filled our paintball guns, and ran around trying to avoid the colorful bullets and having our clothes covered by paint.A big event for MQM, winter formal is definitely worth looking forward to. Everyone in the program gets dressed up and goes to a bar for drinks and dancing. It’s surprising to see how different everyone in the program looks for an event like this—and the photo booth produced some amazing group shots.During the last week of Term 3, Fuqua put on its annual Cookies and Cocoa holiday celebration. A cookie decorating competition, games to win Fuqua gear, photo booths, and more were taking place at the Fox Center. We also got Duke blue Santa hats to wear—who said MQMers can’t have fun in class!There are more events like these throughout each term. It’s true that the coursework can be intensive, but that doesn’t mean we don’t have a life beyond it. To the contrary—the difficult times make each of these extracurricular activities and bonding experiences all the more precious and unforgettable.
		MQM: BA, Class of 2018	
		I was born and raised in Guangzhou, China, and I love challenges in life. I’ve...
Qian |
 Qian's 
